              ft_cal  |                root  |                ft calorimeter  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | 1437f4   |            Polycone  |0.0*deg 360*deg 6*counts 40*mm 40*mm 40*mm 52*mm 100*mm 100*mm 700*mm 700*mm 238*mm 238*mm 238*mm 238*mm 1847.71*mm 2098*mm 2237.6*mm 2249.61*mm 2249.61*mm 2269.6*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   0   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_calCrystalsMother  |              ft_cal  | ft calorimeter crystal volume  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | 1437f4   |            Polycone  |0.0*deg 360*deg 2*counts 51*mm 51*mm 180.5*mm 180.5*mm 1887.7*mm 2164*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h1_v9  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:1, v:9  |                    -160.65*mm -38.25*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h1_v9  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:1, v:9  |                    -160.65*mm -38.25*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h1_v9  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h1_v9  | wrapping for crystal h:1, v:9  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h1_v9  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h1_v9  |        PbWO4 crystal h:1, v:9  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 1 iv manual 9 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h1_v9  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h1_v9  |Led Housing for crystal h:1, v:9  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h1_v10  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:1, v:10  |                    -160.65*mm -22.95*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h1_v10  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:1, v:10  |                    -160.65*mm -22.95*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h1_v10  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h1_v10  |wrapping for crystal h:1, v:10  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h1_v10  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h1_v10  |       PbWO4 crystal h:1, v:10  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 1 iv manual 10 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h1_v10  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h1_v10  |Led Housing for crystal h:1, v:10  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h1_v11  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:1, v:11  |                     -160.65*mm -7.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h1_v11  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:1, v:11  |                     -160.65*mm -7.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h1_v11  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h1_v11  |wrapping for crystal h:1, v:11  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h1_v11  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h1_v11  |       PbWO4 crystal h:1, v:11  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 1 iv manual 11 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h1_v11  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h1_v11  |Led Housing for crystal h:1, v:11  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h1_v12  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:1, v:12  |                      -160.65*mm 7.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h1_v12  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:1, v:12  |                      -160.65*mm 7.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h1_v12  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h1_v12  |wrapping for crystal h:1, v:12  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h1_v12  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h1_v12  |       PbWO4 crystal h:1, v:12  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 1 iv manual 12 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h1_v12  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h1_v12  |Led Housing for crystal h:1, v:12  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h1_v13  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:1, v:13  |                     -160.65*mm 22.95*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h1_v13  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:1, v:13  |                     -160.65*mm 22.95*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h1_v13  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h1_v13  |wrapping for crystal h:1, v:13  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h1_v13  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h1_v13  |       PbWO4 crystal h:1, v:13  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 1 iv manual 13 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h1_v13  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h1_v13  |Led Housing for crystal h:1, v:13  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h1_v14  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:1, v:14  |                     -160.65*mm 38.25*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h1_v14  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:1, v:14  |                     -160.65*mm 38.25*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h1_v14  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h1_v14  |wrapping for crystal h:1, v:14  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h1_v14  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h1_v14  |       PbWO4 crystal h:1, v:14  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 1 iv manual 14 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h1_v14  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h1_v14  |Led Housing for crystal h:1, v:14  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h2_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:2, v:6  |                    -145.35*mm -84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h2_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:2, v:6  |                    -145.35*mm -84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h2_v6  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h2_v6  | wrapping for crystal h:2, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h2_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h2_v6  |        PbWO4 crystal h:2, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 2 iv manual 6 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h2_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h2_v6  |Led Housing for crystal h:2, v:6  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h2_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:2, v:7  |                    -145.35*mm -68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h2_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:2, v:7  |                    -145.35*mm -68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h2_v7  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h2_v7  | wrapping for crystal h:2, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h2_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h2_v7  |        PbWO4 crystal h:2, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 2 iv manual 7 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h2_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h2_v7  |Led Housing for crystal h:2, v:7  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h2_v8  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:2, v:8  |                    -145.35*mm -53.55*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h2_v8  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:2, v:8  |                    -145.35*mm -53.55*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h2_v8  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h2_v8  | wrapping for crystal h:2, v:8  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h2_v8  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h2_v8  |        PbWO4 crystal h:2, v:8  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 2 iv manual 8 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h2_v8  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h2_v8  |Led Housing for crystal h:2, v:8  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h2_v9  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:2, v:9  |                    -145.35*mm -38.25*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h2_v9  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:2, v:9  |                    -145.35*mm -38.25*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h2_v9  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h2_v9  | wrapping for crystal h:2, v:9  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h2_v9  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h2_v9  |        PbWO4 crystal h:2, v:9  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 2 iv manual 9 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h2_v9  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h2_v9  |Led Housing for crystal h:2, v:9  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h2_v10  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:2, v:10  |                    -145.35*mm -22.95*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h2_v10  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:2, v:10  |                    -145.35*mm -22.95*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h2_v10  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h2_v10  |wrapping for crystal h:2, v:10  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h2_v10  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h2_v10  |       PbWO4 crystal h:2, v:10  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 2 iv manual 10 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h2_v10  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h2_v10  |Led Housing for crystal h:2, v:10  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h2_v11  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:2, v:11  |                     -145.35*mm -7.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h2_v11  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:2, v:11  |                     -145.35*mm -7.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h2_v11  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h2_v11  |wrapping for crystal h:2, v:11  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h2_v11  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h2_v11  |       PbWO4 crystal h:2, v:11  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 2 iv manual 11 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h2_v11  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h2_v11  |Led Housing for crystal h:2, v:11  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h2_v12  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:2, v:12  |                      -145.35*mm 7.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h2_v12  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:2, v:12  |                      -145.35*mm 7.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h2_v12  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h2_v12  |wrapping for crystal h:2, v:12  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h2_v12  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h2_v12  |       PbWO4 crystal h:2, v:12  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 2 iv manual 12 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h2_v12  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h2_v12  |Led Housing for crystal h:2, v:12  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h2_v13  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:2, v:13  |                     -145.35*mm 22.95*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h2_v13  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:2, v:13  |                     -145.35*mm 22.95*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h2_v13  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h2_v13  |wrapping for crystal h:2, v:13  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h2_v13  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h2_v13  |       PbWO4 crystal h:2, v:13  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 2 iv manual 13 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h2_v13  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h2_v13  |Led Housing for crystal h:2, v:13  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h2_v14  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:2, v:14  |                     -145.35*mm 38.25*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h2_v14  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:2, v:14  |                     -145.35*mm 38.25*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h2_v14  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h2_v14  |wrapping for crystal h:2, v:14  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h2_v14  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h2_v14  |       PbWO4 crystal h:2, v:14  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 2 iv manual 14 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h2_v14  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h2_v14  |Led Housing for crystal h:2, v:14  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h2_v15  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:2, v:15  |                     -145.35*mm 53.55*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h2_v15  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:2, v:15  |                     -145.35*mm 53.55*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h2_v15  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h2_v15  |wrapping for crystal h:2, v:15  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h2_v15  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h2_v15  |       PbWO4 crystal h:2, v:15  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 2 iv manual 15 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h2_v15  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h2_v15  |Led Housing for crystal h:2, v:15  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h2_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:2, v:16  |                     -145.35*mm 68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h2_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:2, v:16  |                     -145.35*mm 68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h2_v16  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h2_v16  |wrapping for crystal h:2, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h2_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h2_v16  |       PbWO4 crystal h:2, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 2 iv manual 16 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h2_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h2_v16  |Led Housing for crystal h:2, v:16  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h2_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:2, v:17  |                     -145.35*mm 84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h2_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:2, v:17  |                     -145.35*mm 84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h2_v17  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h2_v17  |wrapping for crystal h:2, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h2_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h2_v17  |       PbWO4 crystal h:2, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 2 iv manual 17 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h2_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h2_v17  |Led Housing for crystal h:2, v:17  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h3_v5  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:3, v:5  |                    -130.05*mm -99.45*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h3_v5  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:3, v:5  |                    -130.05*mm -99.45*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v5  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h3_v5  | wrapping for crystal h:3, v:5  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h3_v5  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v5  |        PbWO4 crystal h:3, v:5  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 3 iv manual 5 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h3_v5  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v5  |Led Housing for crystal h:3, v:5  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h3_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:3, v:6  |                    -130.05*mm -84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h3_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:3, v:6  |                    -130.05*mm -84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v6  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h3_v6  | wrapping for crystal h:3, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h3_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v6  |        PbWO4 crystal h:3, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 3 iv manual 6 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h3_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v6  |Led Housing for crystal h:3, v:6  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h3_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:3, v:7  |                    -130.05*mm -68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h3_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:3, v:7  |                    -130.05*mm -68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v7  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h3_v7  | wrapping for crystal h:3, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h3_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v7  |        PbWO4 crystal h:3, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 3 iv manual 7 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h3_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v7  |Led Housing for crystal h:3, v:7  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h3_v8  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:3, v:8  |                    -130.05*mm -53.55*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h3_v8  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:3, v:8  |                    -130.05*mm -53.55*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v8  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h3_v8  | wrapping for crystal h:3, v:8  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h3_v8  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v8  |        PbWO4 crystal h:3, v:8  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 3 iv manual 8 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h3_v8  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v8  |Led Housing for crystal h:3, v:8  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h3_v9  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:3, v:9  |                    -130.05*mm -38.25*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h3_v9  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:3, v:9  |                    -130.05*mm -38.25*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v9  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h3_v9  | wrapping for crystal h:3, v:9  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h3_v9  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v9  |        PbWO4 crystal h:3, v:9  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 3 iv manual 9 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h3_v9  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v9  |Led Housing for crystal h:3, v:9  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h3_v10  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:3, v:10  |                    -130.05*mm -22.95*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h3_v10  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:3, v:10  |                    -130.05*mm -22.95*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v10  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h3_v10  |wrapping for crystal h:3, v:10  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h3_v10  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v10  |       PbWO4 crystal h:3, v:10  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 3 iv manual 10 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h3_v10  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v10  |Led Housing for crystal h:3, v:10  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h3_v11  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:3, v:11  |                     -130.05*mm -7.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h3_v11  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:3, v:11  |                     -130.05*mm -7.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v11  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h3_v11  |wrapping for crystal h:3, v:11  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h3_v11  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v11  |       PbWO4 crystal h:3, v:11  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 3 iv manual 11 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h3_v11  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v11  |Led Housing for crystal h:3, v:11  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h3_v12  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:3, v:12  |                      -130.05*mm 7.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h3_v12  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:3, v:12  |                      -130.05*mm 7.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v12  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h3_v12  |wrapping for crystal h:3, v:12  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h3_v12  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v12  |       PbWO4 crystal h:3, v:12  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 3 iv manual 12 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h3_v12  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v12  |Led Housing for crystal h:3, v:12  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h3_v13  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:3, v:13  |                     -130.05*mm 22.95*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h3_v13  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:3, v:13  |                     -130.05*mm 22.95*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v13  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h3_v13  |wrapping for crystal h:3, v:13  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h3_v13  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v13  |       PbWO4 crystal h:3, v:13  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 3 iv manual 13 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h3_v13  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v13  |Led Housing for crystal h:3, v:13  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h3_v14  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:3, v:14  |                     -130.05*mm 38.25*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h3_v14  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:3, v:14  |                     -130.05*mm 38.25*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v14  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h3_v14  |wrapping for crystal h:3, v:14  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h3_v14  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v14  |       PbWO4 crystal h:3, v:14  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 3 iv manual 14 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h3_v14  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v14  |Led Housing for crystal h:3, v:14  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h3_v15  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:3, v:15  |                     -130.05*mm 53.55*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h3_v15  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:3, v:15  |                     -130.05*mm 53.55*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v15  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h3_v15  |wrapping for crystal h:3, v:15  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h3_v15  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v15  |       PbWO4 crystal h:3, v:15  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 3 iv manual 15 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h3_v15  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v15  |Led Housing for crystal h:3, v:15  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h3_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:3, v:16  |                     -130.05*mm 68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h3_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:3, v:16  |                     -130.05*mm 68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v16  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h3_v16  |wrapping for crystal h:3, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h3_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v16  |       PbWO4 crystal h:3, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 3 iv manual 16 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h3_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v16  |Led Housing for crystal h:3, v:16  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h3_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:3, v:17  |                     -130.05*mm 84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h3_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:3, v:17  |                     -130.05*mm 84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v17  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h3_v17  |wrapping for crystal h:3, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h3_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v17  |       PbWO4 crystal h:3, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 3 iv manual 17 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h3_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v17  |Led Housing for crystal h:3, v:17  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h3_v18  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:3, v:18  |                     -130.05*mm 99.45*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h3_v18  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:3, v:18  |                     -130.05*mm 99.45*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v18  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h3_v18  |wrapping for crystal h:3, v:18  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h3_v18  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v18  |       PbWO4 crystal h:3, v:18  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 3 iv manual 18 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h3_v18  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h3_v18  |Led Housing for crystal h:3, v:18  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h4_v4  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:4, v:4  |                   -114.75*mm -114.75*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h4_v4  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:4, v:4  |                   -114.75*mm -114.75*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v4  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h4_v4  | wrapping for crystal h:4, v:4  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h4_v4  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v4  |        PbWO4 crystal h:4, v:4  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 4 iv manual 4 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h4_v4  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v4  |Led Housing for crystal h:4, v:4  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h4_v5  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:4, v:5  |                    -114.75*mm -99.45*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h4_v5  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:4, v:5  |                    -114.75*mm -99.45*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v5  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h4_v5  | wrapping for crystal h:4, v:5  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h4_v5  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v5  |        PbWO4 crystal h:4, v:5  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 4 iv manual 5 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h4_v5  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v5  |Led Housing for crystal h:4, v:5  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h4_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:4, v:6  |                    -114.75*mm -84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h4_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:4, v:6  |                    -114.75*mm -84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v6  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h4_v6  | wrapping for crystal h:4, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h4_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v6  |        PbWO4 crystal h:4, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 4 iv manual 6 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h4_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v6  |Led Housing for crystal h:4, v:6  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h4_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:4, v:7  |                    -114.75*mm -68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h4_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:4, v:7  |                    -114.75*mm -68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v7  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h4_v7  | wrapping for crystal h:4, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h4_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v7  |        PbWO4 crystal h:4, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 4 iv manual 7 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h4_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v7  |Led Housing for crystal h:4, v:7  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h4_v8  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:4, v:8  |                    -114.75*mm -53.55*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h4_v8  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:4, v:8  |                    -114.75*mm -53.55*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v8  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h4_v8  | wrapping for crystal h:4, v:8  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h4_v8  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v8  |        PbWO4 crystal h:4, v:8  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 4 iv manual 8 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h4_v8  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v8  |Led Housing for crystal h:4, v:8  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h4_v9  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:4, v:9  |                    -114.75*mm -38.25*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h4_v9  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:4, v:9  |                    -114.75*mm -38.25*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v9  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h4_v9  | wrapping for crystal h:4, v:9  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h4_v9  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v9  |        PbWO4 crystal h:4, v:9  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 4 iv manual 9 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h4_v9  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v9  |Led Housing for crystal h:4, v:9  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h4_v10  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:4, v:10  |                    -114.75*mm -22.95*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h4_v10  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:4, v:10  |                    -114.75*mm -22.95*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v10  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h4_v10  |wrapping for crystal h:4, v:10  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h4_v10  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v10  |       PbWO4 crystal h:4, v:10  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 4 iv manual 10 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h4_v10  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v10  |Led Housing for crystal h:4, v:10  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h4_v11  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:4, v:11  |                     -114.75*mm -7.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h4_v11  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:4, v:11  |                     -114.75*mm -7.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v11  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h4_v11  |wrapping for crystal h:4, v:11  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h4_v11  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v11  |       PbWO4 crystal h:4, v:11  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 4 iv manual 11 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h4_v11  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v11  |Led Housing for crystal h:4, v:11  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h4_v12  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:4, v:12  |                      -114.75*mm 7.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h4_v12  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:4, v:12  |                      -114.75*mm 7.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v12  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h4_v12  |wrapping for crystal h:4, v:12  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h4_v12  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v12  |       PbWO4 crystal h:4, v:12  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 4 iv manual 12 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h4_v12  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v12  |Led Housing for crystal h:4, v:12  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h4_v13  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:4, v:13  |                     -114.75*mm 22.95*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h4_v13  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:4, v:13  |                     -114.75*mm 22.95*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v13  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h4_v13  |wrapping for crystal h:4, v:13  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h4_v13  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v13  |       PbWO4 crystal h:4, v:13  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 4 iv manual 13 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h4_v13  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v13  |Led Housing for crystal h:4, v:13  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h4_v14  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:4, v:14  |                     -114.75*mm 38.25*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h4_v14  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:4, v:14  |                     -114.75*mm 38.25*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v14  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h4_v14  |wrapping for crystal h:4, v:14  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h4_v14  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v14  |       PbWO4 crystal h:4, v:14  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 4 iv manual 14 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h4_v14  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v14  |Led Housing for crystal h:4, v:14  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h4_v15  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:4, v:15  |                     -114.75*mm 53.55*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h4_v15  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:4, v:15  |                     -114.75*mm 53.55*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v15  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h4_v15  |wrapping for crystal h:4, v:15  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h4_v15  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v15  |       PbWO4 crystal h:4, v:15  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 4 iv manual 15 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h4_v15  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v15  |Led Housing for crystal h:4, v:15  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h4_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:4, v:16  |                     -114.75*mm 68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h4_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:4, v:16  |                     -114.75*mm 68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v16  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h4_v16  |wrapping for crystal h:4, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h4_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v16  |       PbWO4 crystal h:4, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 4 iv manual 16 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h4_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v16  |Led Housing for crystal h:4, v:16  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h4_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:4, v:17  |                     -114.75*mm 84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h4_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:4, v:17  |                     -114.75*mm 84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v17  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h4_v17  |wrapping for crystal h:4, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h4_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v17  |       PbWO4 crystal h:4, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 4 iv manual 17 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h4_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v17  |Led Housing for crystal h:4, v:17  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h4_v18  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:4, v:18  |                     -114.75*mm 99.45*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h4_v18  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:4, v:18  |                     -114.75*mm 99.45*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v18  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h4_v18  |wrapping for crystal h:4, v:18  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h4_v18  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v18  |       PbWO4 crystal h:4, v:18  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 4 iv manual 18 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h4_v18  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v18  |Led Housing for crystal h:4, v:18  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h4_v19  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:4, v:19  |                    -114.75*mm 114.75*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h4_v19  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:4, v:19  |                    -114.75*mm 114.75*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v19  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h4_v19  |wrapping for crystal h:4, v:19  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h4_v19  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v19  |       PbWO4 crystal h:4, v:19  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 4 iv manual 19 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h4_v19  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h4_v19  |Led Housing for crystal h:4, v:19  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h5_v3  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:5, v:3  |                    -99.45*mm -130.05*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h5_v3  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:5, v:3  |                    -99.45*mm -130.05*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v3  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h5_v3  | wrapping for crystal h:5, v:3  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h5_v3  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v3  |        PbWO4 crystal h:5, v:3  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 5 iv manual 3 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h5_v3  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v3  |Led Housing for crystal h:5, v:3  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h5_v4  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:5, v:4  |                    -99.45*mm -114.75*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h5_v4  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:5, v:4  |                    -99.45*mm -114.75*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v4  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h5_v4  | wrapping for crystal h:5, v:4  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h5_v4  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v4  |        PbWO4 crystal h:5, v:4  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 5 iv manual 4 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h5_v4  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v4  |Led Housing for crystal h:5, v:4  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h5_v5  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:5, v:5  |                     -99.45*mm -99.45*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h5_v5  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:5, v:5  |                     -99.45*mm -99.45*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v5  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h5_v5  | wrapping for crystal h:5, v:5  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h5_v5  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v5  |        PbWO4 crystal h:5, v:5  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 5 iv manual 5 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h5_v5  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v5  |Led Housing for crystal h:5, v:5  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h5_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:5, v:6  |                     -99.45*mm -84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h5_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:5, v:6  |                     -99.45*mm -84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v6  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h5_v6  | wrapping for crystal h:5, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h5_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v6  |        PbWO4 crystal h:5, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 5 iv manual 6 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h5_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v6  |Led Housing for crystal h:5, v:6  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h5_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:5, v:7  |                     -99.45*mm -68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h5_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:5, v:7  |                     -99.45*mm -68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v7  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h5_v7  | wrapping for crystal h:5, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h5_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v7  |        PbWO4 crystal h:5, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 5 iv manual 7 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h5_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v7  |Led Housing for crystal h:5, v:7  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h5_v8  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:5, v:8  |                     -99.45*mm -53.55*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h5_v8  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:5, v:8  |                     -99.45*mm -53.55*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v8  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h5_v8  | wrapping for crystal h:5, v:8  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h5_v8  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v8  |        PbWO4 crystal h:5, v:8  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 5 iv manual 8 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h5_v8  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v8  |Led Housing for crystal h:5, v:8  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h5_v9  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:5, v:9  |                     -99.45*mm -38.25*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h5_v9  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:5, v:9  |                     -99.45*mm -38.25*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v9  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h5_v9  | wrapping for crystal h:5, v:9  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h5_v9  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v9  |        PbWO4 crystal h:5, v:9  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 5 iv manual 9 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h5_v9  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v9  |Led Housing for crystal h:5, v:9  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h5_v10  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:5, v:10  |                     -99.45*mm -22.95*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h5_v10  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:5, v:10  |                     -99.45*mm -22.95*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v10  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h5_v10  |wrapping for crystal h:5, v:10  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h5_v10  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v10  |       PbWO4 crystal h:5, v:10  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 5 iv manual 10 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h5_v10  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v10  |Led Housing for crystal h:5, v:10  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h5_v11  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:5, v:11  |                      -99.45*mm -7.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h5_v11  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:5, v:11  |                      -99.45*mm -7.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v11  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h5_v11  |wrapping for crystal h:5, v:11  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h5_v11  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v11  |       PbWO4 crystal h:5, v:11  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 5 iv manual 11 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h5_v11  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v11  |Led Housing for crystal h:5, v:11  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h5_v12  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:5, v:12  |                       -99.45*mm 7.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h5_v12  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:5, v:12  |                       -99.45*mm 7.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v12  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h5_v12  |wrapping for crystal h:5, v:12  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h5_v12  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v12  |       PbWO4 crystal h:5, v:12  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 5 iv manual 12 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h5_v12  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v12  |Led Housing for crystal h:5, v:12  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h5_v13  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:5, v:13  |                      -99.45*mm 22.95*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h5_v13  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:5, v:13  |                      -99.45*mm 22.95*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v13  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h5_v13  |wrapping for crystal h:5, v:13  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h5_v13  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v13  |       PbWO4 crystal h:5, v:13  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 5 iv manual 13 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h5_v13  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v13  |Led Housing for crystal h:5, v:13  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h5_v14  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:5, v:14  |                      -99.45*mm 38.25*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h5_v14  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:5, v:14  |                      -99.45*mm 38.25*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v14  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h5_v14  |wrapping for crystal h:5, v:14  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h5_v14  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v14  |       PbWO4 crystal h:5, v:14  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 5 iv manual 14 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h5_v14  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v14  |Led Housing for crystal h:5, v:14  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h5_v15  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:5, v:15  |                      -99.45*mm 53.55*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h5_v15  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:5, v:15  |                      -99.45*mm 53.55*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v15  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h5_v15  |wrapping for crystal h:5, v:15  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h5_v15  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v15  |       PbWO4 crystal h:5, v:15  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 5 iv manual 15 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h5_v15  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v15  |Led Housing for crystal h:5, v:15  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h5_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:5, v:16  |                      -99.45*mm 68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h5_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:5, v:16  |                      -99.45*mm 68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v16  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h5_v16  |wrapping for crystal h:5, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h5_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v16  |       PbWO4 crystal h:5, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 5 iv manual 16 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h5_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v16  |Led Housing for crystal h:5, v:16  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h5_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:5, v:17  |                      -99.45*mm 84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h5_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:5, v:17  |                      -99.45*mm 84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v17  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h5_v17  |wrapping for crystal h:5, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h5_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v17  |       PbWO4 crystal h:5, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 5 iv manual 17 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h5_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v17  |Led Housing for crystal h:5, v:17  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h5_v18  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:5, v:18  |                      -99.45*mm 99.45*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h5_v18  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:5, v:18  |                      -99.45*mm 99.45*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v18  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h5_v18  |wrapping for crystal h:5, v:18  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h5_v18  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v18  |       PbWO4 crystal h:5, v:18  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 5 iv manual 18 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h5_v18  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v18  |Led Housing for crystal h:5, v:18  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h5_v19  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:5, v:19  |                     -99.45*mm 114.75*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h5_v19  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:5, v:19  |                     -99.45*mm 114.75*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v19  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h5_v19  |wrapping for crystal h:5, v:19  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h5_v19  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v19  |       PbWO4 crystal h:5, v:19  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 5 iv manual 19 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h5_v19  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v19  |Led Housing for crystal h:5, v:19  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h5_v20  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:5, v:20  |                     -99.45*mm 130.05*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h5_v20  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:5, v:20  |                     -99.45*mm 130.05*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v20  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h5_v20  |wrapping for crystal h:5, v:20  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h5_v20  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v20  |       PbWO4 crystal h:5, v:20  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 5 iv manual 20 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h5_v20  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h5_v20  |Led Housing for crystal h:5, v:20  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v2  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:6, v:2  |                    -84.15*mm -145.35*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h6_v2  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:6, v:2  |                    -84.15*mm -145.35*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v2  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v2  | wrapping for crystal h:6, v:2  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h6_v2  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v2  |        PbWO4 crystal h:6, v:2  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 6 iv manual 2 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h6_v2  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v2  |Led Housing for crystal h:6, v:2  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v3  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:6, v:3  |                    -84.15*mm -130.05*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h6_v3  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:6, v:3  |                    -84.15*mm -130.05*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v3  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v3  | wrapping for crystal h:6, v:3  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h6_v3  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v3  |        PbWO4 crystal h:6, v:3  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 6 iv manual 3 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h6_v3  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v3  |Led Housing for crystal h:6, v:3  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v4  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:6, v:4  |                    -84.15*mm -114.75*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h6_v4  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:6, v:4  |                    -84.15*mm -114.75*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v4  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v4  | wrapping for crystal h:6, v:4  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h6_v4  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v4  |        PbWO4 crystal h:6, v:4  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 6 iv manual 4 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h6_v4  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v4  |Led Housing for crystal h:6, v:4  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v5  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:6, v:5  |                     -84.15*mm -99.45*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h6_v5  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:6, v:5  |                     -84.15*mm -99.45*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v5  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v5  | wrapping for crystal h:6, v:5  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h6_v5  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v5  |        PbWO4 crystal h:6, v:5  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 6 iv manual 5 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h6_v5  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v5  |Led Housing for crystal h:6, v:5  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:6, v:6  |                     -84.15*mm -84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h6_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:6, v:6  |                     -84.15*mm -84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v6  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v6  | wrapping for crystal h:6, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h6_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v6  |        PbWO4 crystal h:6, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 6 iv manual 6 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h6_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v6  |Led Housing for crystal h:6, v:6  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:6, v:7  |                     -84.15*mm -68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h6_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:6, v:7  |                     -84.15*mm -68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v7  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v7  | wrapping for crystal h:6, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h6_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v7  |        PbWO4 crystal h:6, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 6 iv manual 7 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h6_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v7  |Led Housing for crystal h:6, v:7  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v8  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:6, v:8  |                     -84.15*mm -53.55*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h6_v8  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:6, v:8  |                     -84.15*mm -53.55*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v8  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v8  | wrapping for crystal h:6, v:8  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h6_v8  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v8  |        PbWO4 crystal h:6, v:8  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 6 iv manual 8 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h6_v8  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v8  |Led Housing for crystal h:6, v:8  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v9  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:6, v:9  |                     -84.15*mm -38.25*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h6_v9  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:6, v:9  |                     -84.15*mm -38.25*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v9  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v9  | wrapping for crystal h:6, v:9  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h6_v9  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v9  |        PbWO4 crystal h:6, v:9  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 6 iv manual 9 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h6_v9  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v9  |Led Housing for crystal h:6, v:9  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v10  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:6, v:10  |                     -84.15*mm -22.95*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h6_v10  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:6, v:10  |                     -84.15*mm -22.95*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v10  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v10  |wrapping for crystal h:6, v:10  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h6_v10  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v10  |       PbWO4 crystal h:6, v:10  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 6 iv manual 10 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h6_v10  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v10  |Led Housing for crystal h:6, v:10  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v11  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:6, v:11  |                      -84.15*mm -7.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h6_v11  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:6, v:11  |                      -84.15*mm -7.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v11  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v11  |wrapping for crystal h:6, v:11  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h6_v11  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v11  |       PbWO4 crystal h:6, v:11  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 6 iv manual 11 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h6_v11  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v11  |Led Housing for crystal h:6, v:11  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v12  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:6, v:12  |                       -84.15*mm 7.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h6_v12  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:6, v:12  |                       -84.15*mm 7.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v12  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v12  |wrapping for crystal h:6, v:12  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h6_v12  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v12  |       PbWO4 crystal h:6, v:12  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 6 iv manual 12 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h6_v12  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v12  |Led Housing for crystal h:6, v:12  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v13  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:6, v:13  |                      -84.15*mm 22.95*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h6_v13  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:6, v:13  |                      -84.15*mm 22.95*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v13  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v13  |wrapping for crystal h:6, v:13  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h6_v13  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v13  |       PbWO4 crystal h:6, v:13  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 6 iv manual 13 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h6_v13  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v13  |Led Housing for crystal h:6, v:13  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v14  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:6, v:14  |                      -84.15*mm 38.25*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h6_v14  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:6, v:14  |                      -84.15*mm 38.25*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v14  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v14  |wrapping for crystal h:6, v:14  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h6_v14  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v14  |       PbWO4 crystal h:6, v:14  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 6 iv manual 14 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h6_v14  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v14  |Led Housing for crystal h:6, v:14  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v15  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:6, v:15  |                      -84.15*mm 53.55*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h6_v15  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:6, v:15  |                      -84.15*mm 53.55*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v15  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v15  |wrapping for crystal h:6, v:15  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h6_v15  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v15  |       PbWO4 crystal h:6, v:15  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 6 iv manual 15 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h6_v15  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v15  |Led Housing for crystal h:6, v:15  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:6, v:16  |                      -84.15*mm 68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h6_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:6, v:16  |                      -84.15*mm 68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v16  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v16  |wrapping for crystal h:6, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h6_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v16  |       PbWO4 crystal h:6, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 6 iv manual 16 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h6_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v16  |Led Housing for crystal h:6, v:16  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:6, v:17  |                      -84.15*mm 84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h6_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:6, v:17  |                      -84.15*mm 84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v17  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v17  |wrapping for crystal h:6, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h6_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v17  |       PbWO4 crystal h:6, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 6 iv manual 17 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h6_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v17  |Led Housing for crystal h:6, v:17  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v18  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:6, v:18  |                      -84.15*mm 99.45*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h6_v18  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:6, v:18  |                      -84.15*mm 99.45*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v18  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v18  |wrapping for crystal h:6, v:18  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h6_v18  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v18  |       PbWO4 crystal h:6, v:18  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 6 iv manual 18 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h6_v18  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v18  |Led Housing for crystal h:6, v:18  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v19  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:6, v:19  |                     -84.15*mm 114.75*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h6_v19  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:6, v:19  |                     -84.15*mm 114.75*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v19  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v19  |wrapping for crystal h:6, v:19  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h6_v19  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v19  |       PbWO4 crystal h:6, v:19  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 6 iv manual 19 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h6_v19  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v19  |Led Housing for crystal h:6, v:19  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v20  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:6, v:20  |                     -84.15*mm 130.05*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h6_v20  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:6, v:20  |                     -84.15*mm 130.05*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v20  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v20  |wrapping for crystal h:6, v:20  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h6_v20  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v20  |       PbWO4 crystal h:6, v:20  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 6 iv manual 20 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h6_v20  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v20  |Led Housing for crystal h:6, v:20  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v21  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:6, v:21  |                     -84.15*mm 145.35*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h6_v21  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:6, v:21  |                     -84.15*mm 145.35*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v21  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h6_v21  |wrapping for crystal h:6, v:21  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h6_v21  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v21  |       PbWO4 crystal h:6, v:21  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 6 iv manual 21 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h6_v21  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h6_v21  |Led Housing for crystal h:6, v:21  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v2  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:7, v:2  |                    -68.85*mm -145.35*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h7_v2  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:7, v:2  |                    -68.85*mm -145.35*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v2  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v2  | wrapping for crystal h:7, v:2  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h7_v2  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v2  |        PbWO4 crystal h:7, v:2  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 7 iv manual 2 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h7_v2  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v2  |Led Housing for crystal h:7, v:2  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v3  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:7, v:3  |                    -68.85*mm -130.05*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h7_v3  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:7, v:3  |                    -68.85*mm -130.05*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v3  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v3  | wrapping for crystal h:7, v:3  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h7_v3  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v3  |        PbWO4 crystal h:7, v:3  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 7 iv manual 3 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h7_v3  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v3  |Led Housing for crystal h:7, v:3  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v4  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:7, v:4  |                    -68.85*mm -114.75*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h7_v4  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:7, v:4  |                    -68.85*mm -114.75*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v4  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v4  | wrapping for crystal h:7, v:4  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h7_v4  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v4  |        PbWO4 crystal h:7, v:4  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 7 iv manual 4 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h7_v4  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v4  |Led Housing for crystal h:7, v:4  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v5  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:7, v:5  |                     -68.85*mm -99.45*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h7_v5  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:7, v:5  |                     -68.85*mm -99.45*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v5  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v5  | wrapping for crystal h:7, v:5  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h7_v5  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v5  |        PbWO4 crystal h:7, v:5  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 7 iv manual 5 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h7_v5  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v5  |Led Housing for crystal h:7, v:5  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:7, v:6  |                     -68.85*mm -84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h7_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:7, v:6  |                     -68.85*mm -84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v6  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v6  | wrapping for crystal h:7, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h7_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v6  |        PbWO4 crystal h:7, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 7 iv manual 6 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h7_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v6  |Led Housing for crystal h:7, v:6  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:7, v:7  |                     -68.85*mm -68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h7_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:7, v:7  |                     -68.85*mm -68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v7  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v7  | wrapping for crystal h:7, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h7_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v7  |        PbWO4 crystal h:7, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 7 iv manual 7 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h7_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v7  |Led Housing for crystal h:7, v:7  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v8  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:7, v:8  |                     -68.85*mm -53.55*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h7_v8  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:7, v:8  |                     -68.85*mm -53.55*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v8  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v8  | wrapping for crystal h:7, v:8  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h7_v8  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v8  |        PbWO4 crystal h:7, v:8  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 7 iv manual 8 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h7_v8  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v8  |Led Housing for crystal h:7, v:8  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v9  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:7, v:9  |                     -68.85*mm -38.25*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h7_v9  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:7, v:9  |                     -68.85*mm -38.25*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v9  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v9  | wrapping for crystal h:7, v:9  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h7_v9  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v9  |        PbWO4 crystal h:7, v:9  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 7 iv manual 9 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h7_v9  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v9  |Led Housing for crystal h:7, v:9  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v10  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:7, v:10  |                     -68.85*mm -22.95*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h7_v10  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:7, v:10  |                     -68.85*mm -22.95*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v10  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v10  |wrapping for crystal h:7, v:10  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h7_v10  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v10  |       PbWO4 crystal h:7, v:10  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 7 iv manual 10 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h7_v10  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v10  |Led Housing for crystal h:7, v:10  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v11  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:7, v:11  |                      -68.85*mm -7.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h7_v11  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:7, v:11  |                      -68.85*mm -7.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v11  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v11  |wrapping for crystal h:7, v:11  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h7_v11  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v11  |       PbWO4 crystal h:7, v:11  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 7 iv manual 11 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h7_v11  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v11  |Led Housing for crystal h:7, v:11  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v12  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:7, v:12  |                       -68.85*mm 7.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h7_v12  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:7, v:12  |                       -68.85*mm 7.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v12  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v12  |wrapping for crystal h:7, v:12  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h7_v12  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v12  |       PbWO4 crystal h:7, v:12  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 7 iv manual 12 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h7_v12  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v12  |Led Housing for crystal h:7, v:12  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v13  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:7, v:13  |                      -68.85*mm 22.95*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h7_v13  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:7, v:13  |                      -68.85*mm 22.95*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v13  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v13  |wrapping for crystal h:7, v:13  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h7_v13  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v13  |       PbWO4 crystal h:7, v:13  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 7 iv manual 13 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h7_v13  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v13  |Led Housing for crystal h:7, v:13  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v14  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:7, v:14  |                      -68.85*mm 38.25*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h7_v14  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:7, v:14  |                      -68.85*mm 38.25*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v14  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v14  |wrapping for crystal h:7, v:14  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h7_v14  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v14  |       PbWO4 crystal h:7, v:14  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 7 iv manual 14 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h7_v14  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v14  |Led Housing for crystal h:7, v:14  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v15  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:7, v:15  |                      -68.85*mm 53.55*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h7_v15  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:7, v:15  |                      -68.85*mm 53.55*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v15  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v15  |wrapping for crystal h:7, v:15  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h7_v15  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v15  |       PbWO4 crystal h:7, v:15  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 7 iv manual 15 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h7_v15  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v15  |Led Housing for crystal h:7, v:15  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:7, v:16  |                      -68.85*mm 68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h7_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:7, v:16  |                      -68.85*mm 68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v16  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v16  |wrapping for crystal h:7, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h7_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v16  |       PbWO4 crystal h:7, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 7 iv manual 16 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h7_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v16  |Led Housing for crystal h:7, v:16  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:7, v:17  |                      -68.85*mm 84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h7_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:7, v:17  |                      -68.85*mm 84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v17  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v17  |wrapping for crystal h:7, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h7_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v17  |       PbWO4 crystal h:7, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 7 iv manual 17 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h7_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v17  |Led Housing for crystal h:7, v:17  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v18  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:7, v:18  |                      -68.85*mm 99.45*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h7_v18  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:7, v:18  |                      -68.85*mm 99.45*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v18  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v18  |wrapping for crystal h:7, v:18  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h7_v18  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v18  |       PbWO4 crystal h:7, v:18  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 7 iv manual 18 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h7_v18  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v18  |Led Housing for crystal h:7, v:18  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v19  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:7, v:19  |                     -68.85*mm 114.75*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h7_v19  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:7, v:19  |                     -68.85*mm 114.75*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v19  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v19  |wrapping for crystal h:7, v:19  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h7_v19  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v19  |       PbWO4 crystal h:7, v:19  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 7 iv manual 19 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h7_v19  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v19  |Led Housing for crystal h:7, v:19  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v20  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:7, v:20  |                     -68.85*mm 130.05*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h7_v20  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:7, v:20  |                     -68.85*mm 130.05*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v20  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v20  |wrapping for crystal h:7, v:20  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h7_v20  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v20  |       PbWO4 crystal h:7, v:20  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 7 iv manual 20 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h7_v20  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v20  |Led Housing for crystal h:7, v:20  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v21  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:7, v:21  |                     -68.85*mm 145.35*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h7_v21  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:7, v:21  |                     -68.85*mm 145.35*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v21  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h7_v21  |wrapping for crystal h:7, v:21  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h7_v21  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v21  |       PbWO4 crystal h:7, v:21  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 7 iv manual 21 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h7_v21  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h7_v21  |Led Housing for crystal h:7, v:21  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h8_v2  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:8, v:2  |                    -53.55*mm -145.35*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h8_v2  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:8, v:2  |                    -53.55*mm -145.35*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v2  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h8_v2  | wrapping for crystal h:8, v:2  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h8_v2  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v2  |        PbWO4 crystal h:8, v:2  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 8 iv manual 2 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h8_v2  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v2  |Led Housing for crystal h:8, v:2  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h8_v3  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:8, v:3  |                    -53.55*mm -130.05*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h8_v3  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:8, v:3  |                    -53.55*mm -130.05*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v3  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h8_v3  | wrapping for crystal h:8, v:3  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h8_v3  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v3  |        PbWO4 crystal h:8, v:3  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 8 iv manual 3 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h8_v3  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v3  |Led Housing for crystal h:8, v:3  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h8_v4  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:8, v:4  |                    -53.55*mm -114.75*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h8_v4  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:8, v:4  |                    -53.55*mm -114.75*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v4  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h8_v4  | wrapping for crystal h:8, v:4  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h8_v4  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v4  |        PbWO4 crystal h:8, v:4  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 8 iv manual 4 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h8_v4  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v4  |Led Housing for crystal h:8, v:4  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h8_v5  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:8, v:5  |                     -53.55*mm -99.45*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h8_v5  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:8, v:5  |                     -53.55*mm -99.45*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v5  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h8_v5  | wrapping for crystal h:8, v:5  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h8_v5  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v5  |        PbWO4 crystal h:8, v:5  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 8 iv manual 5 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h8_v5  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v5  |Led Housing for crystal h:8, v:5  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h8_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:8, v:6  |                     -53.55*mm -84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h8_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:8, v:6  |                     -53.55*mm -84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v6  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h8_v6  | wrapping for crystal h:8, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h8_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v6  |        PbWO4 crystal h:8, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 8 iv manual 6 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h8_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v6  |Led Housing for crystal h:8, v:6  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h8_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:8, v:7  |                     -53.55*mm -68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h8_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:8, v:7  |                     -53.55*mm -68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v7  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h8_v7  | wrapping for crystal h:8, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h8_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v7  |        PbWO4 crystal h:8, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 8 iv manual 7 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h8_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v7  |Led Housing for crystal h:8, v:7  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h8_v8  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:8, v:8  |                     -53.55*mm -53.55*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h8_v8  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:8, v:8  |                     -53.55*mm -53.55*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v8  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h8_v8  | wrapping for crystal h:8, v:8  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h8_v8  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v8  |        PbWO4 crystal h:8, v:8  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 8 iv manual 8 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h8_v8  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v8  |Led Housing for crystal h:8, v:8  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h8_v9  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:8, v:9  |                     -53.55*mm -38.25*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h8_v9  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:8, v:9  |                     -53.55*mm -38.25*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v9  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h8_v9  | wrapping for crystal h:8, v:9  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h8_v9  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v9  |        PbWO4 crystal h:8, v:9  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 8 iv manual 9 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h8_v9  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v9  |Led Housing for crystal h:8, v:9  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h8_v14  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:8, v:14  |                      -53.55*mm 38.25*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h8_v14  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:8, v:14  |                      -53.55*mm 38.25*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v14  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h8_v14  |wrapping for crystal h:8, v:14  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h8_v14  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v14  |       PbWO4 crystal h:8, v:14  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 8 iv manual 14 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h8_v14  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v14  |Led Housing for crystal h:8, v:14  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h8_v15  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:8, v:15  |                      -53.55*mm 53.55*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h8_v15  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:8, v:15  |                      -53.55*mm 53.55*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v15  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h8_v15  |wrapping for crystal h:8, v:15  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h8_v15  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v15  |       PbWO4 crystal h:8, v:15  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 8 iv manual 15 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h8_v15  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v15  |Led Housing for crystal h:8, v:15  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h8_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:8, v:16  |                      -53.55*mm 68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h8_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:8, v:16  |                      -53.55*mm 68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v16  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h8_v16  |wrapping for crystal h:8, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h8_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v16  |       PbWO4 crystal h:8, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 8 iv manual 16 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h8_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v16  |Led Housing for crystal h:8, v:16  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h8_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:8, v:17  |                      -53.55*mm 84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h8_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:8, v:17  |                      -53.55*mm 84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v17  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h8_v17  |wrapping for crystal h:8, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h8_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v17  |       PbWO4 crystal h:8, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 8 iv manual 17 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h8_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v17  |Led Housing for crystal h:8, v:17  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h8_v18  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:8, v:18  |                      -53.55*mm 99.45*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h8_v18  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:8, v:18  |                      -53.55*mm 99.45*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v18  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h8_v18  |wrapping for crystal h:8, v:18  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h8_v18  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v18  |       PbWO4 crystal h:8, v:18  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 8 iv manual 18 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h8_v18  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v18  |Led Housing for crystal h:8, v:18  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h8_v19  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:8, v:19  |                     -53.55*mm 114.75*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h8_v19  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:8, v:19  |                     -53.55*mm 114.75*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v19  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h8_v19  |wrapping for crystal h:8, v:19  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h8_v19  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v19  |       PbWO4 crystal h:8, v:19  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 8 iv manual 19 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h8_v19  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v19  |Led Housing for crystal h:8, v:19  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h8_v20  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:8, v:20  |                     -53.55*mm 130.05*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h8_v20  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:8, v:20  |                     -53.55*mm 130.05*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v20  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h8_v20  |wrapping for crystal h:8, v:20  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h8_v20  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v20  |       PbWO4 crystal h:8, v:20  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 8 iv manual 20 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h8_v20  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v20  |Led Housing for crystal h:8, v:20  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h8_v21  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:8, v:21  |                     -53.55*mm 145.35*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h8_v21  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:8, v:21  |                     -53.55*mm 145.35*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v21  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h8_v21  |wrapping for crystal h:8, v:21  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h8_v21  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v21  |       PbWO4 crystal h:8, v:21  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 8 iv manual 21 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h8_v21  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h8_v21  |Led Housing for crystal h:8, v:21  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h9_v1  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:9, v:1  |                    -38.25*mm -160.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h9_v1  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:9, v:1  |                    -38.25*mm -160.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v1  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h9_v1  | wrapping for crystal h:9, v:1  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h9_v1  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v1  |        PbWO4 crystal h:9, v:1  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 9 iv manual 1 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h9_v1  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v1  |Led Housing for crystal h:9, v:1  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h9_v2  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:9, v:2  |                    -38.25*mm -145.35*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h9_v2  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:9, v:2  |                    -38.25*mm -145.35*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v2  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h9_v2  | wrapping for crystal h:9, v:2  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h9_v2  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v2  |        PbWO4 crystal h:9, v:2  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 9 iv manual 2 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h9_v2  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v2  |Led Housing for crystal h:9, v:2  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h9_v3  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:9, v:3  |                    -38.25*mm -130.05*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h9_v3  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:9, v:3  |                    -38.25*mm -130.05*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v3  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h9_v3  | wrapping for crystal h:9, v:3  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h9_v3  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v3  |        PbWO4 crystal h:9, v:3  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 9 iv manual 3 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h9_v3  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v3  |Led Housing for crystal h:9, v:3  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h9_v4  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:9, v:4  |                    -38.25*mm -114.75*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h9_v4  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:9, v:4  |                    -38.25*mm -114.75*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v4  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h9_v4  | wrapping for crystal h:9, v:4  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h9_v4  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v4  |        PbWO4 crystal h:9, v:4  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 9 iv manual 4 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h9_v4  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v4  |Led Housing for crystal h:9, v:4  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h9_v5  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:9, v:5  |                     -38.25*mm -99.45*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h9_v5  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:9, v:5  |                     -38.25*mm -99.45*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v5  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h9_v5  | wrapping for crystal h:9, v:5  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h9_v5  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v5  |        PbWO4 crystal h:9, v:5  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 9 iv manual 5 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h9_v5  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v5  |Led Housing for crystal h:9, v:5  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h9_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:9, v:6  |                     -38.25*mm -84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h9_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:9, v:6  |                     -38.25*mm -84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v6  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h9_v6  | wrapping for crystal h:9, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h9_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v6  |        PbWO4 crystal h:9, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 9 iv manual 6 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h9_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v6  |Led Housing for crystal h:9, v:6  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h9_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:9, v:7  |                     -38.25*mm -68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h9_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:9, v:7  |                     -38.25*mm -68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v7  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h9_v7  | wrapping for crystal h:9, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h9_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v7  |        PbWO4 crystal h:9, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 9 iv manual 7 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h9_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v7  |Led Housing for crystal h:9, v:7  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h9_v8  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:9, v:8  |                     -38.25*mm -53.55*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_cr_apd_h9_v8  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |      apd for crystal h:9, v:8  |                     -38.25*mm -53.55*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v8  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h9_v8  | wrapping for crystal h:9, v:8  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_cr_h9_v8  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v8  |        PbWO4 crystal h:9, v:8  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                 ih manual 9 iv manual 8 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h9_v8  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v8  |Led Housing for crystal h:9, v:8  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h9_v15  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:9, v:15  |                      -38.25*mm 53.55*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h9_v15  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:9, v:15  |                      -38.25*mm 53.55*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v15  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h9_v15  |wrapping for crystal h:9, v:15  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h9_v15  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v15  |       PbWO4 crystal h:9, v:15  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 9 iv manual 15 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h9_v15  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v15  |Led Housing for crystal h:9, v:15  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h9_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:9, v:16  |                      -38.25*mm 68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h9_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:9, v:16  |                      -38.25*mm 68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v16  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h9_v16  |wrapping for crystal h:9, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h9_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v16  |       PbWO4 crystal h:9, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 9 iv manual 16 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h9_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v16  |Led Housing for crystal h:9, v:16  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h9_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:9, v:17  |                      -38.25*mm 84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h9_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:9, v:17  |                      -38.25*mm 84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v17  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h9_v17  |wrapping for crystal h:9, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h9_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v17  |       PbWO4 crystal h:9, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 9 iv manual 17 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h9_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v17  |Led Housing for crystal h:9, v:17  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h9_v18  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:9, v:18  |                      -38.25*mm 99.45*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h9_v18  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:9, v:18  |                      -38.25*mm 99.45*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v18  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h9_v18  |wrapping for crystal h:9, v:18  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h9_v18  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v18  |       PbWO4 crystal h:9, v:18  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 9 iv manual 18 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h9_v18  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v18  |Led Housing for crystal h:9, v:18  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h9_v19  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:9, v:19  |                     -38.25*mm 114.75*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h9_v19  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:9, v:19  |                     -38.25*mm 114.75*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v19  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h9_v19  |wrapping for crystal h:9, v:19  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h9_v19  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v19  |       PbWO4 crystal h:9, v:19  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 9 iv manual 19 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h9_v19  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v19  |Led Housing for crystal h:9, v:19  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h9_v20  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:9, v:20  |                     -38.25*mm 130.05*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h9_v20  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:9, v:20  |                     -38.25*mm 130.05*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v20  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h9_v20  |wrapping for crystal h:9, v:20  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h9_v20  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v20  |       PbWO4 crystal h:9, v:20  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 9 iv manual 20 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h9_v20  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v20  |Led Housing for crystal h:9, v:20  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h9_v21  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:9, v:21  |                     -38.25*mm 145.35*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h9_v21  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:9, v:21  |                     -38.25*mm 145.35*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v21  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h9_v21  |wrapping for crystal h:9, v:21  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h9_v21  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v21  |       PbWO4 crystal h:9, v:21  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 9 iv manual 21 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h9_v21  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v21  |Led Housing for crystal h:9, v:21  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h9_v22  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:9, v:22  |                     -38.25*mm 160.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h9_v22  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:9, v:22  |                     -38.25*mm 160.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v22  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h9_v22  |wrapping for crystal h:9, v:22  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h9_v22  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v22  |       PbWO4 crystal h:9, v:22  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 9 iv manual 22 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h9_v22  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h9_v22  |Led Housing for crystal h:9, v:22  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h10_v1  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:10, v:1  |                    -22.95*mm -160.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h10_v1  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:10, v:1  |                    -22.95*mm -160.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v1  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h10_v1  |wrapping for crystal h:10, v:1  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h10_v1  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v1  |       PbWO4 crystal h:10, v:1  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 10 iv manual 1 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h10_v1  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v1  |Led Housing for crystal h:10, v:1  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h10_v2  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:10, v:2  |                    -22.95*mm -145.35*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h10_v2  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:10, v:2  |                    -22.95*mm -145.35*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v2  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h10_v2  |wrapping for crystal h:10, v:2  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h10_v2  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v2  |       PbWO4 crystal h:10, v:2  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 10 iv manual 2 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h10_v2  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v2  |Led Housing for crystal h:10, v:2  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h10_v3  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:10, v:3  |                    -22.95*mm -130.05*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h10_v3  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:10, v:3  |                    -22.95*mm -130.05*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v3  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h10_v3  |wrapping for crystal h:10, v:3  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h10_v3  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v3  |       PbWO4 crystal h:10, v:3  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 10 iv manual 3 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h10_v3  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v3  |Led Housing for crystal h:10, v:3  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h10_v4  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:10, v:4  |                    -22.95*mm -114.75*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h10_v4  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:10, v:4  |                    -22.95*mm -114.75*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v4  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h10_v4  |wrapping for crystal h:10, v:4  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h10_v4  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v4  |       PbWO4 crystal h:10, v:4  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 10 iv manual 4 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h10_v4  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v4  |Led Housing for crystal h:10, v:4  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h10_v5  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:10, v:5  |                     -22.95*mm -99.45*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h10_v5  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:10, v:5  |                     -22.95*mm -99.45*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v5  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h10_v5  |wrapping for crystal h:10, v:5  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h10_v5  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v5  |       PbWO4 crystal h:10, v:5  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 10 iv manual 5 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h10_v5  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v5  |Led Housing for crystal h:10, v:5  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h10_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:10, v:6  |                     -22.95*mm -84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h10_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:10, v:6  |                     -22.95*mm -84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v6  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h10_v6  |wrapping for crystal h:10, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h10_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v6  |       PbWO4 crystal h:10, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 10 iv manual 6 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h10_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v6  |Led Housing for crystal h:10, v:6  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h10_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:10, v:7  |                     -22.95*mm -68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h10_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:10, v:7  |                     -22.95*mm -68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v7  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h10_v7  |wrapping for crystal h:10, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h10_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v7  |       PbWO4 crystal h:10, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 10 iv manual 7 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h10_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v7  |Led Housing for crystal h:10, v:7  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h10_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:10, v:16  |                      -22.95*mm 68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h10_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:10, v:16  |                      -22.95*mm 68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v16  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h10_v16  |wrapping for crystal h:10, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h10_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v16  |      PbWO4 crystal h:10, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 10 iv manual 16 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h10_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v16  |Led Housing for crystal h:10, v:16  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h10_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:10, v:17  |                      -22.95*mm 84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h10_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:10, v:17  |                      -22.95*mm 84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v17  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h10_v17  |wrapping for crystal h:10, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h10_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v17  |      PbWO4 crystal h:10, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 10 iv manual 17 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h10_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v17  |Led Housing for crystal h:10, v:17  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h10_v18  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:10, v:18  |                      -22.95*mm 99.45*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h10_v18  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:10, v:18  |                      -22.95*mm 99.45*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v18  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h10_v18  |wrapping for crystal h:10, v:18  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h10_v18  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v18  |      PbWO4 crystal h:10, v:18  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 10 iv manual 18 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h10_v18  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v18  |Led Housing for crystal h:10, v:18  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h10_v19  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:10, v:19  |                     -22.95*mm 114.75*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h10_v19  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:10, v:19  |                     -22.95*mm 114.75*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v19  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h10_v19  |wrapping for crystal h:10, v:19  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h10_v19  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v19  |      PbWO4 crystal h:10, v:19  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 10 iv manual 19 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h10_v19  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v19  |Led Housing for crystal h:10, v:19  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h10_v20  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:10, v:20  |                     -22.95*mm 130.05*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h10_v20  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:10, v:20  |                     -22.95*mm 130.05*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v20  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h10_v20  |wrapping for crystal h:10, v:20  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h10_v20  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v20  |      PbWO4 crystal h:10, v:20  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 10 iv manual 20 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h10_v20  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v20  |Led Housing for crystal h:10, v:20  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h10_v21  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:10, v:21  |                     -22.95*mm 145.35*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h10_v21  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:10, v:21  |                     -22.95*mm 145.35*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v21  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h10_v21  |wrapping for crystal h:10, v:21  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h10_v21  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v21  |      PbWO4 crystal h:10, v:21  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 10 iv manual 21 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h10_v21  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v21  |Led Housing for crystal h:10, v:21  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h10_v22  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:10, v:22  |                     -22.95*mm 160.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h10_v22  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:10, v:22  |                     -22.95*mm 160.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v22  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h10_v22  |wrapping for crystal h:10, v:22  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h10_v22  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v22  |      PbWO4 crystal h:10, v:22  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 10 iv manual 22 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h10_v22  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h10_v22  |Led Housing for crystal h:10, v:22  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h11_v1  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:11, v:1  |                     -7.65*mm -160.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h11_v1  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:11, v:1  |                     -7.65*mm -160.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v1  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h11_v1  |wrapping for crystal h:11, v:1  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h11_v1  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v1  |       PbWO4 crystal h:11, v:1  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 11 iv manual 1 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h11_v1  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v1  |Led Housing for crystal h:11, v:1  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h11_v2  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:11, v:2  |                     -7.65*mm -145.35*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h11_v2  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:11, v:2  |                     -7.65*mm -145.35*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v2  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h11_v2  |wrapping for crystal h:11, v:2  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h11_v2  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v2  |       PbWO4 crystal h:11, v:2  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 11 iv manual 2 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h11_v2  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v2  |Led Housing for crystal h:11, v:2  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h11_v3  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:11, v:3  |                     -7.65*mm -130.05*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h11_v3  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:11, v:3  |                     -7.65*mm -130.05*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v3  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h11_v3  |wrapping for crystal h:11, v:3  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h11_v3  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v3  |       PbWO4 crystal h:11, v:3  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 11 iv manual 3 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h11_v3  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v3  |Led Housing for crystal h:11, v:3  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h11_v4  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:11, v:4  |                     -7.65*mm -114.75*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h11_v4  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:11, v:4  |                     -7.65*mm -114.75*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v4  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h11_v4  |wrapping for crystal h:11, v:4  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h11_v4  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v4  |       PbWO4 crystal h:11, v:4  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 11 iv manual 4 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h11_v4  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v4  |Led Housing for crystal h:11, v:4  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h11_v5  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:11, v:5  |                      -7.65*mm -99.45*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h11_v5  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:11, v:5  |                      -7.65*mm -99.45*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v5  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h11_v5  |wrapping for crystal h:11, v:5  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h11_v5  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v5  |       PbWO4 crystal h:11, v:5  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 11 iv manual 5 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h11_v5  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v5  |Led Housing for crystal h:11, v:5  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h11_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:11, v:6  |                      -7.65*mm -84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h11_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:11, v:6  |                      -7.65*mm -84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v6  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h11_v6  |wrapping for crystal h:11, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h11_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v6  |       PbWO4 crystal h:11, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 11 iv manual 6 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h11_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v6  |Led Housing for crystal h:11, v:6  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h11_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:11, v:7  |                      -7.65*mm -68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h11_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:11, v:7  |                      -7.65*mm -68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v7  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h11_v7  |wrapping for crystal h:11, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h11_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v7  |       PbWO4 crystal h:11, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 11 iv manual 7 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h11_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v7  |Led Housing for crystal h:11, v:7  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h11_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:11, v:16  |                       -7.65*mm 68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h11_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:11, v:16  |                       -7.65*mm 68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v16  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h11_v16  |wrapping for crystal h:11, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h11_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v16  |      PbWO4 crystal h:11, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 11 iv manual 16 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h11_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v16  |Led Housing for crystal h:11, v:16  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h11_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:11, v:17  |                       -7.65*mm 84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h11_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:11, v:17  |                       -7.65*mm 84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v17  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h11_v17  |wrapping for crystal h:11, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h11_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v17  |      PbWO4 crystal h:11, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 11 iv manual 17 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h11_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v17  |Led Housing for crystal h:11, v:17  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h11_v18  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:11, v:18  |                       -7.65*mm 99.45*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h11_v18  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:11, v:18  |                       -7.65*mm 99.45*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v18  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h11_v18  |wrapping for crystal h:11, v:18  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h11_v18  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v18  |      PbWO4 crystal h:11, v:18  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 11 iv manual 18 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h11_v18  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v18  |Led Housing for crystal h:11, v:18  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h11_v19  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:11, v:19  |                      -7.65*mm 114.75*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h11_v19  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:11, v:19  |                      -7.65*mm 114.75*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v19  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h11_v19  |wrapping for crystal h:11, v:19  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h11_v19  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v19  |      PbWO4 crystal h:11, v:19  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 11 iv manual 19 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h11_v19  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v19  |Led Housing for crystal h:11, v:19  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h11_v20  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:11, v:20  |                      -7.65*mm 130.05*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h11_v20  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:11, v:20  |                      -7.65*mm 130.05*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v20  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h11_v20  |wrapping for crystal h:11, v:20  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h11_v20  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v20  |      PbWO4 crystal h:11, v:20  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 11 iv manual 20 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h11_v20  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v20  |Led Housing for crystal h:11, v:20  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h11_v21  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:11, v:21  |                      -7.65*mm 145.35*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h11_v21  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:11, v:21  |                      -7.65*mm 145.35*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v21  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h11_v21  |wrapping for crystal h:11, v:21  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h11_v21  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v21  |      PbWO4 crystal h:11, v:21  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 11 iv manual 21 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h11_v21  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v21  |Led Housing for crystal h:11, v:21  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h11_v22  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:11, v:22  |                      -7.65*mm 160.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h11_v22  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:11, v:22  |                      -7.65*mm 160.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v22  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h11_v22  |wrapping for crystal h:11, v:22  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h11_v22  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v22  |      PbWO4 crystal h:11, v:22  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 11 iv manual 22 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h11_v22  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h11_v22  |Led Housing for crystal h:11, v:22  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h12_v1  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:12, v:1  |                      7.65*mm -160.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h12_v1  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:12, v:1  |                      7.65*mm -160.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v1  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h12_v1  |wrapping for crystal h:12, v:1  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h12_v1  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v1  |       PbWO4 crystal h:12, v:1  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 12 iv manual 1 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h12_v1  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v1  |Led Housing for crystal h:12, v:1  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h12_v2  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:12, v:2  |                      7.65*mm -145.35*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h12_v2  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:12, v:2  |                      7.65*mm -145.35*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v2  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h12_v2  |wrapping for crystal h:12, v:2  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h12_v2  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v2  |       PbWO4 crystal h:12, v:2  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 12 iv manual 2 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h12_v2  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v2  |Led Housing for crystal h:12, v:2  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h12_v3  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:12, v:3  |                      7.65*mm -130.05*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h12_v3  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:12, v:3  |                      7.65*mm -130.05*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v3  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h12_v3  |wrapping for crystal h:12, v:3  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h12_v3  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v3  |       PbWO4 crystal h:12, v:3  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 12 iv manual 3 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h12_v3  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v3  |Led Housing for crystal h:12, v:3  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h12_v4  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:12, v:4  |                      7.65*mm -114.75*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h12_v4  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:12, v:4  |                      7.65*mm -114.75*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v4  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h12_v4  |wrapping for crystal h:12, v:4  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h12_v4  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v4  |       PbWO4 crystal h:12, v:4  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 12 iv manual 4 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h12_v4  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v4  |Led Housing for crystal h:12, v:4  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h12_v5  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:12, v:5  |                       7.65*mm -99.45*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h12_v5  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:12, v:5  |                       7.65*mm -99.45*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v5  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h12_v5  |wrapping for crystal h:12, v:5  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h12_v5  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v5  |       PbWO4 crystal h:12, v:5  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 12 iv manual 5 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h12_v5  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v5  |Led Housing for crystal h:12, v:5  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h12_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:12, v:6  |                       7.65*mm -84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h12_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:12, v:6  |                       7.65*mm -84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v6  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h12_v6  |wrapping for crystal h:12, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h12_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v6  |       PbWO4 crystal h:12, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 12 iv manual 6 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h12_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v6  |Led Housing for crystal h:12, v:6  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h12_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:12, v:7  |                       7.65*mm -68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h12_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:12, v:7  |                       7.65*mm -68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v7  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h12_v7  |wrapping for crystal h:12, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h12_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v7  |       PbWO4 crystal h:12, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 12 iv manual 7 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h12_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v7  |Led Housing for crystal h:12, v:7  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h12_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:12, v:16  |                        7.65*mm 68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h12_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:12, v:16  |                        7.65*mm 68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v16  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h12_v16  |wrapping for crystal h:12, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h12_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v16  |      PbWO4 crystal h:12, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 12 iv manual 16 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h12_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v16  |Led Housing for crystal h:12, v:16  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h12_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:12, v:17  |                        7.65*mm 84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h12_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:12, v:17  |                        7.65*mm 84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v17  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h12_v17  |wrapping for crystal h:12, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h12_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v17  |      PbWO4 crystal h:12, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 12 iv manual 17 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h12_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v17  |Led Housing for crystal h:12, v:17  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h12_v18  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:12, v:18  |                        7.65*mm 99.45*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h12_v18  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:12, v:18  |                        7.65*mm 99.45*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v18  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h12_v18  |wrapping for crystal h:12, v:18  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h12_v18  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v18  |      PbWO4 crystal h:12, v:18  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 12 iv manual 18 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h12_v18  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v18  |Led Housing for crystal h:12, v:18  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h12_v19  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:12, v:19  |                       7.65*mm 114.75*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h12_v19  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:12, v:19  |                       7.65*mm 114.75*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v19  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h12_v19  |wrapping for crystal h:12, v:19  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h12_v19  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v19  |      PbWO4 crystal h:12, v:19  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 12 iv manual 19 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h12_v19  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v19  |Led Housing for crystal h:12, v:19  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h12_v20  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:12, v:20  |                       7.65*mm 130.05*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h12_v20  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:12, v:20  |                       7.65*mm 130.05*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v20  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h12_v20  |wrapping for crystal h:12, v:20  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h12_v20  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v20  |      PbWO4 crystal h:12, v:20  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 12 iv manual 20 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h12_v20  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v20  |Led Housing for crystal h:12, v:20  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h12_v21  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:12, v:21  |                       7.65*mm 145.35*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h12_v21  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:12, v:21  |                       7.65*mm 145.35*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v21  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h12_v21  |wrapping for crystal h:12, v:21  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h12_v21  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v21  |      PbWO4 crystal h:12, v:21  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 12 iv manual 21 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h12_v21  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v21  |Led Housing for crystal h:12, v:21  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h12_v22  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:12, v:22  |                       7.65*mm 160.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h12_v22  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:12, v:22  |                       7.65*mm 160.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v22  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h12_v22  |wrapping for crystal h:12, v:22  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h12_v22  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v22  |      PbWO4 crystal h:12, v:22  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 12 iv manual 22 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h12_v22  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h12_v22  |Led Housing for crystal h:12, v:22  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h13_v1  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:13, v:1  |                     22.95*mm -160.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h13_v1  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:13, v:1  |                     22.95*mm -160.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v1  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h13_v1  |wrapping for crystal h:13, v:1  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h13_v1  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v1  |       PbWO4 crystal h:13, v:1  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 13 iv manual 1 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h13_v1  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v1  |Led Housing for crystal h:13, v:1  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h13_v2  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:13, v:2  |                     22.95*mm -145.35*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h13_v2  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:13, v:2  |                     22.95*mm -145.35*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v2  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h13_v2  |wrapping for crystal h:13, v:2  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h13_v2  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v2  |       PbWO4 crystal h:13, v:2  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 13 iv manual 2 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h13_v2  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v2  |Led Housing for crystal h:13, v:2  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h13_v3  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:13, v:3  |                     22.95*mm -130.05*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h13_v3  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:13, v:3  |                     22.95*mm -130.05*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v3  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h13_v3  |wrapping for crystal h:13, v:3  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h13_v3  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v3  |       PbWO4 crystal h:13, v:3  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 13 iv manual 3 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h13_v3  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v3  |Led Housing for crystal h:13, v:3  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h13_v4  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:13, v:4  |                     22.95*mm -114.75*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h13_v4  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:13, v:4  |                     22.95*mm -114.75*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v4  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h13_v4  |wrapping for crystal h:13, v:4  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h13_v4  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v4  |       PbWO4 crystal h:13, v:4  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 13 iv manual 4 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h13_v4  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v4  |Led Housing for crystal h:13, v:4  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h13_v5  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:13, v:5  |                      22.95*mm -99.45*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h13_v5  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:13, v:5  |                      22.95*mm -99.45*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v5  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h13_v5  |wrapping for crystal h:13, v:5  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h13_v5  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v5  |       PbWO4 crystal h:13, v:5  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 13 iv manual 5 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h13_v5  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v5  |Led Housing for crystal h:13, v:5  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h13_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:13, v:6  |                      22.95*mm -84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h13_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:13, v:6  |                      22.95*mm -84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v6  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h13_v6  |wrapping for crystal h:13, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h13_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v6  |       PbWO4 crystal h:13, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 13 iv manual 6 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h13_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v6  |Led Housing for crystal h:13, v:6  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h13_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:13, v:7  |                      22.95*mm -68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h13_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:13, v:7  |                      22.95*mm -68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v7  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h13_v7  |wrapping for crystal h:13, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h13_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v7  |       PbWO4 crystal h:13, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 13 iv manual 7 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h13_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v7  |Led Housing for crystal h:13, v:7  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h13_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:13, v:16  |                       22.95*mm 68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h13_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:13, v:16  |                       22.95*mm 68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v16  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h13_v16  |wrapping for crystal h:13, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h13_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v16  |      PbWO4 crystal h:13, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 13 iv manual 16 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h13_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v16  |Led Housing for crystal h:13, v:16  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h13_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:13, v:17  |                       22.95*mm 84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h13_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:13, v:17  |                       22.95*mm 84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v17  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h13_v17  |wrapping for crystal h:13, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h13_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v17  |      PbWO4 crystal h:13, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 13 iv manual 17 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h13_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v17  |Led Housing for crystal h:13, v:17  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h13_v18  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:13, v:18  |                       22.95*mm 99.45*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h13_v18  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:13, v:18  |                       22.95*mm 99.45*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v18  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h13_v18  |wrapping for crystal h:13, v:18  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h13_v18  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v18  |      PbWO4 crystal h:13, v:18  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 13 iv manual 18 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h13_v18  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v18  |Led Housing for crystal h:13, v:18  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h13_v19  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:13, v:19  |                      22.95*mm 114.75*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h13_v19  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:13, v:19  |                      22.95*mm 114.75*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v19  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h13_v19  |wrapping for crystal h:13, v:19  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h13_v19  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v19  |      PbWO4 crystal h:13, v:19  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 13 iv manual 19 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h13_v19  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v19  |Led Housing for crystal h:13, v:19  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h13_v20  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:13, v:20  |                      22.95*mm 130.05*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h13_v20  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:13, v:20  |                      22.95*mm 130.05*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v20  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h13_v20  |wrapping for crystal h:13, v:20  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h13_v20  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v20  |      PbWO4 crystal h:13, v:20  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 13 iv manual 20 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h13_v20  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v20  |Led Housing for crystal h:13, v:20  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h13_v21  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:13, v:21  |                      22.95*mm 145.35*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h13_v21  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:13, v:21  |                      22.95*mm 145.35*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v21  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h13_v21  |wrapping for crystal h:13, v:21  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h13_v21  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v21  |      PbWO4 crystal h:13, v:21  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 13 iv manual 21 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h13_v21  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v21  |Led Housing for crystal h:13, v:21  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h13_v22  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:13, v:22  |                      22.95*mm 160.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h13_v22  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:13, v:22  |                      22.95*mm 160.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v22  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h13_v22  |wrapping for crystal h:13, v:22  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h13_v22  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v22  |      PbWO4 crystal h:13, v:22  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 13 iv manual 22 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h13_v22  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h13_v22  |Led Housing for crystal h:13, v:22  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h14_v1  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:14, v:1  |                     38.25*mm -160.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h14_v1  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:14, v:1  |                     38.25*mm -160.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v1  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h14_v1  |wrapping for crystal h:14, v:1  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h14_v1  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v1  |       PbWO4 crystal h:14, v:1  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 14 iv manual 1 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h14_v1  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v1  |Led Housing for crystal h:14, v:1  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h14_v2  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:14, v:2  |                     38.25*mm -145.35*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h14_v2  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:14, v:2  |                     38.25*mm -145.35*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v2  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h14_v2  |wrapping for crystal h:14, v:2  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h14_v2  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v2  |       PbWO4 crystal h:14, v:2  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 14 iv manual 2 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h14_v2  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v2  |Led Housing for crystal h:14, v:2  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h14_v3  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:14, v:3  |                     38.25*mm -130.05*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h14_v3  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:14, v:3  |                     38.25*mm -130.05*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v3  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h14_v3  |wrapping for crystal h:14, v:3  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h14_v3  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v3  |       PbWO4 crystal h:14, v:3  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 14 iv manual 3 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h14_v3  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v3  |Led Housing for crystal h:14, v:3  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h14_v4  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:14, v:4  |                     38.25*mm -114.75*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h14_v4  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:14, v:4  |                     38.25*mm -114.75*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v4  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h14_v4  |wrapping for crystal h:14, v:4  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h14_v4  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v4  |       PbWO4 crystal h:14, v:4  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 14 iv manual 4 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h14_v4  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v4  |Led Housing for crystal h:14, v:4  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h14_v5  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:14, v:5  |                      38.25*mm -99.45*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h14_v5  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:14, v:5  |                      38.25*mm -99.45*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v5  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h14_v5  |wrapping for crystal h:14, v:5  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h14_v5  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v5  |       PbWO4 crystal h:14, v:5  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 14 iv manual 5 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h14_v5  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v5  |Led Housing for crystal h:14, v:5  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h14_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:14, v:6  |                      38.25*mm -84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h14_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:14, v:6  |                      38.25*mm -84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v6  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h14_v6  |wrapping for crystal h:14, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h14_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v6  |       PbWO4 crystal h:14, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 14 iv manual 6 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h14_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v6  |Led Housing for crystal h:14, v:6  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h14_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:14, v:7  |                      38.25*mm -68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h14_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:14, v:7  |                      38.25*mm -68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v7  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h14_v7  |wrapping for crystal h:14, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h14_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v7  |       PbWO4 crystal h:14, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 14 iv manual 7 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h14_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v7  |Led Housing for crystal h:14, v:7  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h14_v8  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:14, v:8  |                      38.25*mm -53.55*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h14_v8  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:14, v:8  |                      38.25*mm -53.55*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v8  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h14_v8  |wrapping for crystal h:14, v:8  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h14_v8  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v8  |       PbWO4 crystal h:14, v:8  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 14 iv manual 8 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h14_v8  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v8  |Led Housing for crystal h:14, v:8  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h14_v15  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:14, v:15  |                       38.25*mm 53.55*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h14_v15  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:14, v:15  |                       38.25*mm 53.55*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v15  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h14_v15  |wrapping for crystal h:14, v:15  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h14_v15  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v15  |      PbWO4 crystal h:14, v:15  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 14 iv manual 15 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h14_v15  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v15  |Led Housing for crystal h:14, v:15  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h14_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:14, v:16  |                       38.25*mm 68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h14_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:14, v:16  |                       38.25*mm 68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v16  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h14_v16  |wrapping for crystal h:14, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h14_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v16  |      PbWO4 crystal h:14, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 14 iv manual 16 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h14_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v16  |Led Housing for crystal h:14, v:16  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h14_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:14, v:17  |                       38.25*mm 84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h14_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:14, v:17  |                       38.25*mm 84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v17  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h14_v17  |wrapping for crystal h:14, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h14_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v17  |      PbWO4 crystal h:14, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 14 iv manual 17 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h14_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v17  |Led Housing for crystal h:14, v:17  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h14_v18  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:14, v:18  |                       38.25*mm 99.45*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h14_v18  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:14, v:18  |                       38.25*mm 99.45*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v18  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h14_v18  |wrapping for crystal h:14, v:18  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h14_v18  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v18  |      PbWO4 crystal h:14, v:18  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 14 iv manual 18 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h14_v18  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v18  |Led Housing for crystal h:14, v:18  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h14_v19  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:14, v:19  |                      38.25*mm 114.75*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h14_v19  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:14, v:19  |                      38.25*mm 114.75*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v19  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h14_v19  |wrapping for crystal h:14, v:19  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h14_v19  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v19  |      PbWO4 crystal h:14, v:19  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 14 iv manual 19 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h14_v19  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v19  |Led Housing for crystal h:14, v:19  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h14_v20  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:14, v:20  |                      38.25*mm 130.05*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h14_v20  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:14, v:20  |                      38.25*mm 130.05*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v20  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h14_v20  |wrapping for crystal h:14, v:20  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h14_v20  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v20  |      PbWO4 crystal h:14, v:20  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 14 iv manual 20 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h14_v20  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v20  |Led Housing for crystal h:14, v:20  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h14_v21  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:14, v:21  |                      38.25*mm 145.35*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h14_v21  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:14, v:21  |                      38.25*mm 145.35*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v21  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h14_v21  |wrapping for crystal h:14, v:21  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h14_v21  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v21  |      PbWO4 crystal h:14, v:21  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 14 iv manual 21 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h14_v21  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v21  |Led Housing for crystal h:14, v:21  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h14_v22  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:14, v:22  |                      38.25*mm 160.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h14_v22  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:14, v:22  |                      38.25*mm 160.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v22  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h14_v22  |wrapping for crystal h:14, v:22  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h14_v22  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v22  |      PbWO4 crystal h:14, v:22  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 14 iv manual 22 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h14_v22  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h14_v22  |Led Housing for crystal h:14, v:22  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h15_v2  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:15, v:2  |                     53.55*mm -145.35*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h15_v2  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:15, v:2  |                     53.55*mm -145.35*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v2  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h15_v2  |wrapping for crystal h:15, v:2  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h15_v2  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v2  |       PbWO4 crystal h:15, v:2  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 15 iv manual 2 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h15_v2  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v2  |Led Housing for crystal h:15, v:2  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h15_v3  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:15, v:3  |                     53.55*mm -130.05*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h15_v3  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:15, v:3  |                     53.55*mm -130.05*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v3  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h15_v3  |wrapping for crystal h:15, v:3  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h15_v3  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v3  |       PbWO4 crystal h:15, v:3  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 15 iv manual 3 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h15_v3  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v3  |Led Housing for crystal h:15, v:3  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h15_v4  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:15, v:4  |                     53.55*mm -114.75*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h15_v4  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:15, v:4  |                     53.55*mm -114.75*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v4  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h15_v4  |wrapping for crystal h:15, v:4  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h15_v4  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v4  |       PbWO4 crystal h:15, v:4  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 15 iv manual 4 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h15_v4  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v4  |Led Housing for crystal h:15, v:4  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h15_v5  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:15, v:5  |                      53.55*mm -99.45*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h15_v5  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:15, v:5  |                      53.55*mm -99.45*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v5  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h15_v5  |wrapping for crystal h:15, v:5  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h15_v5  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v5  |       PbWO4 crystal h:15, v:5  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 15 iv manual 5 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h15_v5  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v5  |Led Housing for crystal h:15, v:5  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h15_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:15, v:6  |                      53.55*mm -84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h15_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:15, v:6  |                      53.55*mm -84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v6  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h15_v6  |wrapping for crystal h:15, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h15_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v6  |       PbWO4 crystal h:15, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 15 iv manual 6 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h15_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v6  |Led Housing for crystal h:15, v:6  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h15_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:15, v:7  |                      53.55*mm -68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h15_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:15, v:7  |                      53.55*mm -68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v7  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h15_v7  |wrapping for crystal h:15, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h15_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v7  |       PbWO4 crystal h:15, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 15 iv manual 7 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h15_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v7  |Led Housing for crystal h:15, v:7  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h15_v8  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:15, v:8  |                      53.55*mm -53.55*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h15_v8  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:15, v:8  |                      53.55*mm -53.55*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v8  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h15_v8  |wrapping for crystal h:15, v:8  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h15_v8  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v8  |       PbWO4 crystal h:15, v:8  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 15 iv manual 8 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h15_v8  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v8  |Led Housing for crystal h:15, v:8  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h15_v9  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:15, v:9  |                      53.55*mm -38.25*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h15_v9  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:15, v:9  |                      53.55*mm -38.25*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v9  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h15_v9  |wrapping for crystal h:15, v:9  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h15_v9  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v9  |       PbWO4 crystal h:15, v:9  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 15 iv manual 9 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h15_v9  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v9  |Led Housing for crystal h:15, v:9  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h15_v14  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:15, v:14  |                       53.55*mm 38.25*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h15_v14  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:15, v:14  |                       53.55*mm 38.25*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v14  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h15_v14  |wrapping for crystal h:15, v:14  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h15_v14  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v14  |      PbWO4 crystal h:15, v:14  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 15 iv manual 14 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h15_v14  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v14  |Led Housing for crystal h:15, v:14  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h15_v15  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:15, v:15  |                       53.55*mm 53.55*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h15_v15  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:15, v:15  |                       53.55*mm 53.55*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v15  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h15_v15  |wrapping for crystal h:15, v:15  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h15_v15  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v15  |      PbWO4 crystal h:15, v:15  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 15 iv manual 15 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h15_v15  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v15  |Led Housing for crystal h:15, v:15  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h15_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:15, v:16  |                       53.55*mm 68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h15_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:15, v:16  |                       53.55*mm 68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v16  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h15_v16  |wrapping for crystal h:15, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h15_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v16  |      PbWO4 crystal h:15, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 15 iv manual 16 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h15_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v16  |Led Housing for crystal h:15, v:16  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h15_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:15, v:17  |                       53.55*mm 84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h15_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:15, v:17  |                       53.55*mm 84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v17  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h15_v17  |wrapping for crystal h:15, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h15_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v17  |      PbWO4 crystal h:15, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 15 iv manual 17 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h15_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v17  |Led Housing for crystal h:15, v:17  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h15_v18  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:15, v:18  |                       53.55*mm 99.45*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h15_v18  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:15, v:18  |                       53.55*mm 99.45*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v18  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h15_v18  |wrapping for crystal h:15, v:18  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h15_v18  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v18  |      PbWO4 crystal h:15, v:18  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 15 iv manual 18 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h15_v18  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v18  |Led Housing for crystal h:15, v:18  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h15_v19  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:15, v:19  |                      53.55*mm 114.75*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h15_v19  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:15, v:19  |                      53.55*mm 114.75*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v19  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h15_v19  |wrapping for crystal h:15, v:19  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h15_v19  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v19  |      PbWO4 crystal h:15, v:19  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 15 iv manual 19 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h15_v19  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v19  |Led Housing for crystal h:15, v:19  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h15_v20  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:15, v:20  |                      53.55*mm 130.05*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h15_v20  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:15, v:20  |                      53.55*mm 130.05*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v20  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h15_v20  |wrapping for crystal h:15, v:20  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h15_v20  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v20  |      PbWO4 crystal h:15, v:20  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 15 iv manual 20 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h15_v20  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v20  |Led Housing for crystal h:15, v:20  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h15_v21  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:15, v:21  |                      53.55*mm 145.35*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h15_v21  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:15, v:21  |                      53.55*mm 145.35*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v21  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h15_v21  |wrapping for crystal h:15, v:21  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h15_v21  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v21  |      PbWO4 crystal h:15, v:21  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 15 iv manual 21 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h15_v21  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h15_v21  |Led Housing for crystal h:15, v:21  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v2  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:16, v:2  |                     68.85*mm -145.35*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h16_v2  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:16, v:2  |                     68.85*mm -145.35*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v2  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v2  |wrapping for crystal h:16, v:2  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h16_v2  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v2  |       PbWO4 crystal h:16, v:2  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 16 iv manual 2 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h16_v2  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v2  |Led Housing for crystal h:16, v:2  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v3  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:16, v:3  |                     68.85*mm -130.05*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h16_v3  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:16, v:3  |                     68.85*mm -130.05*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v3  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v3  |wrapping for crystal h:16, v:3  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h16_v3  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v3  |       PbWO4 crystal h:16, v:3  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 16 iv manual 3 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h16_v3  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v3  |Led Housing for crystal h:16, v:3  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v4  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:16, v:4  |                     68.85*mm -114.75*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h16_v4  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:16, v:4  |                     68.85*mm -114.75*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v4  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v4  |wrapping for crystal h:16, v:4  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h16_v4  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v4  |       PbWO4 crystal h:16, v:4  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 16 iv manual 4 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h16_v4  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v4  |Led Housing for crystal h:16, v:4  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v5  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:16, v:5  |                      68.85*mm -99.45*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h16_v5  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:16, v:5  |                      68.85*mm -99.45*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v5  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v5  |wrapping for crystal h:16, v:5  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h16_v5  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v5  |       PbWO4 crystal h:16, v:5  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 16 iv manual 5 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h16_v5  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v5  |Led Housing for crystal h:16, v:5  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:16, v:6  |                      68.85*mm -84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h16_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:16, v:6  |                      68.85*mm -84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v6  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v6  |wrapping for crystal h:16, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h16_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v6  |       PbWO4 crystal h:16, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 16 iv manual 6 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h16_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v6  |Led Housing for crystal h:16, v:6  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:16, v:7  |                      68.85*mm -68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h16_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:16, v:7  |                      68.85*mm -68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v7  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v7  |wrapping for crystal h:16, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h16_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v7  |       PbWO4 crystal h:16, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 16 iv manual 7 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h16_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v7  |Led Housing for crystal h:16, v:7  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v8  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:16, v:8  |                      68.85*mm -53.55*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h16_v8  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:16, v:8  |                      68.85*mm -53.55*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v8  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v8  |wrapping for crystal h:16, v:8  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h16_v8  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v8  |       PbWO4 crystal h:16, v:8  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 16 iv manual 8 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h16_v8  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v8  |Led Housing for crystal h:16, v:8  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v9  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:16, v:9  |                      68.85*mm -38.25*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h16_v9  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:16, v:9  |                      68.85*mm -38.25*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v9  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v9  |wrapping for crystal h:16, v:9  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h16_v9  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v9  |       PbWO4 crystal h:16, v:9  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 16 iv manual 9 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h16_v9  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v9  |Led Housing for crystal h:16, v:9  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v10  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:16, v:10  |                      68.85*mm -22.95*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h16_v10  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:16, v:10  |                      68.85*mm -22.95*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v10  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v10  |wrapping for crystal h:16, v:10  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h16_v10  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v10  |      PbWO4 crystal h:16, v:10  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 16 iv manual 10 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h16_v10  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v10  |Led Housing for crystal h:16, v:10  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v11  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:16, v:11  |                       68.85*mm -7.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h16_v11  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:16, v:11  |                       68.85*mm -7.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v11  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v11  |wrapping for crystal h:16, v:11  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h16_v11  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v11  |      PbWO4 crystal h:16, v:11  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 16 iv manual 11 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h16_v11  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v11  |Led Housing for crystal h:16, v:11  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v12  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:16, v:12  |                        68.85*mm 7.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h16_v12  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:16, v:12  |                        68.85*mm 7.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v12  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v12  |wrapping for crystal h:16, v:12  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h16_v12  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v12  |      PbWO4 crystal h:16, v:12  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 16 iv manual 12 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h16_v12  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v12  |Led Housing for crystal h:16, v:12  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v13  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:16, v:13  |                       68.85*mm 22.95*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h16_v13  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:16, v:13  |                       68.85*mm 22.95*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v13  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v13  |wrapping for crystal h:16, v:13  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h16_v13  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v13  |      PbWO4 crystal h:16, v:13  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 16 iv manual 13 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h16_v13  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v13  |Led Housing for crystal h:16, v:13  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v14  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:16, v:14  |                       68.85*mm 38.25*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h16_v14  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:16, v:14  |                       68.85*mm 38.25*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v14  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v14  |wrapping for crystal h:16, v:14  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h16_v14  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v14  |      PbWO4 crystal h:16, v:14  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 16 iv manual 14 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h16_v14  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v14  |Led Housing for crystal h:16, v:14  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v15  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:16, v:15  |                       68.85*mm 53.55*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h16_v15  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:16, v:15  |                       68.85*mm 53.55*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v15  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v15  |wrapping for crystal h:16, v:15  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h16_v15  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v15  |      PbWO4 crystal h:16, v:15  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 16 iv manual 15 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h16_v15  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v15  |Led Housing for crystal h:16, v:15  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:16, v:16  |                       68.85*mm 68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h16_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:16, v:16  |                       68.85*mm 68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v16  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v16  |wrapping for crystal h:16, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h16_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v16  |      PbWO4 crystal h:16, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 16 iv manual 16 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h16_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v16  |Led Housing for crystal h:16, v:16  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:16, v:17  |                       68.85*mm 84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h16_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:16, v:17  |                       68.85*mm 84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v17  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v17  |wrapping for crystal h:16, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h16_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v17  |      PbWO4 crystal h:16, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 16 iv manual 17 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h16_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v17  |Led Housing for crystal h:16, v:17  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v18  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:16, v:18  |                       68.85*mm 99.45*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h16_v18  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:16, v:18  |                       68.85*mm 99.45*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v18  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v18  |wrapping for crystal h:16, v:18  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h16_v18  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v18  |      PbWO4 crystal h:16, v:18  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 16 iv manual 18 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h16_v18  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v18  |Led Housing for crystal h:16, v:18  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v19  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:16, v:19  |                      68.85*mm 114.75*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h16_v19  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:16, v:19  |                      68.85*mm 114.75*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v19  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v19  |wrapping for crystal h:16, v:19  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h16_v19  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v19  |      PbWO4 crystal h:16, v:19  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 16 iv manual 19 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h16_v19  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v19  |Led Housing for crystal h:16, v:19  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v20  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:16, v:20  |                      68.85*mm 130.05*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h16_v20  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:16, v:20  |                      68.85*mm 130.05*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v20  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v20  |wrapping for crystal h:16, v:20  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h16_v20  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v20  |      PbWO4 crystal h:16, v:20  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 16 iv manual 20 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h16_v20  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v20  |Led Housing for crystal h:16, v:20  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v21  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:16, v:21  |                      68.85*mm 145.35*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h16_v21  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:16, v:21  |                      68.85*mm 145.35*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v21  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h16_v21  |wrapping for crystal h:16, v:21  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h16_v21  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v21  |      PbWO4 crystal h:16, v:21  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 16 iv manual 21 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h16_v21  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h16_v21  |Led Housing for crystal h:16, v:21  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v2  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:17, v:2  |                     84.15*mm -145.35*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h17_v2  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:17, v:2  |                     84.15*mm -145.35*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v2  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v2  |wrapping for crystal h:17, v:2  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h17_v2  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v2  |       PbWO4 crystal h:17, v:2  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 17 iv manual 2 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h17_v2  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v2  |Led Housing for crystal h:17, v:2  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v3  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:17, v:3  |                     84.15*mm -130.05*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h17_v3  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:17, v:3  |                     84.15*mm -130.05*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v3  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v3  |wrapping for crystal h:17, v:3  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h17_v3  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v3  |       PbWO4 crystal h:17, v:3  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 17 iv manual 3 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h17_v3  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v3  |Led Housing for crystal h:17, v:3  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v4  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:17, v:4  |                     84.15*mm -114.75*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h17_v4  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:17, v:4  |                     84.15*mm -114.75*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v4  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v4  |wrapping for crystal h:17, v:4  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h17_v4  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v4  |       PbWO4 crystal h:17, v:4  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 17 iv manual 4 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h17_v4  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v4  |Led Housing for crystal h:17, v:4  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v5  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:17, v:5  |                      84.15*mm -99.45*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h17_v5  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:17, v:5  |                      84.15*mm -99.45*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v5  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v5  |wrapping for crystal h:17, v:5  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h17_v5  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v5  |       PbWO4 crystal h:17, v:5  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 17 iv manual 5 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h17_v5  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v5  |Led Housing for crystal h:17, v:5  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:17, v:6  |                      84.15*mm -84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h17_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:17, v:6  |                      84.15*mm -84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v6  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v6  |wrapping for crystal h:17, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h17_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v6  |       PbWO4 crystal h:17, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 17 iv manual 6 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h17_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v6  |Led Housing for crystal h:17, v:6  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:17, v:7  |                      84.15*mm -68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h17_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:17, v:7  |                      84.15*mm -68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v7  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v7  |wrapping for crystal h:17, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h17_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v7  |       PbWO4 crystal h:17, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 17 iv manual 7 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h17_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v7  |Led Housing for crystal h:17, v:7  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v8  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:17, v:8  |                      84.15*mm -53.55*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h17_v8  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:17, v:8  |                      84.15*mm -53.55*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v8  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v8  |wrapping for crystal h:17, v:8  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h17_v8  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v8  |       PbWO4 crystal h:17, v:8  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 17 iv manual 8 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h17_v8  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v8  |Led Housing for crystal h:17, v:8  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v9  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:17, v:9  |                      84.15*mm -38.25*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h17_v9  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:17, v:9  |                      84.15*mm -38.25*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v9  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v9  |wrapping for crystal h:17, v:9  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h17_v9  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v9  |       PbWO4 crystal h:17, v:9  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 17 iv manual 9 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h17_v9  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v9  |Led Housing for crystal h:17, v:9  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v10  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:17, v:10  |                      84.15*mm -22.95*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h17_v10  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:17, v:10  |                      84.15*mm -22.95*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v10  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v10  |wrapping for crystal h:17, v:10  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h17_v10  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v10  |      PbWO4 crystal h:17, v:10  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 17 iv manual 10 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h17_v10  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v10  |Led Housing for crystal h:17, v:10  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v11  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:17, v:11  |                       84.15*mm -7.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h17_v11  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:17, v:11  |                       84.15*mm -7.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v11  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v11  |wrapping for crystal h:17, v:11  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h17_v11  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v11  |      PbWO4 crystal h:17, v:11  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 17 iv manual 11 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h17_v11  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v11  |Led Housing for crystal h:17, v:11  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v12  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:17, v:12  |                        84.15*mm 7.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h17_v12  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:17, v:12  |                        84.15*mm 7.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v12  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v12  |wrapping for crystal h:17, v:12  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h17_v12  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v12  |      PbWO4 crystal h:17, v:12  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 17 iv manual 12 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h17_v12  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v12  |Led Housing for crystal h:17, v:12  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v13  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:17, v:13  |                       84.15*mm 22.95*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h17_v13  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:17, v:13  |                       84.15*mm 22.95*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v13  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v13  |wrapping for crystal h:17, v:13  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h17_v13  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v13  |      PbWO4 crystal h:17, v:13  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 17 iv manual 13 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h17_v13  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v13  |Led Housing for crystal h:17, v:13  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v14  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:17, v:14  |                       84.15*mm 38.25*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h17_v14  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:17, v:14  |                       84.15*mm 38.25*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v14  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v14  |wrapping for crystal h:17, v:14  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h17_v14  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v14  |      PbWO4 crystal h:17, v:14  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 17 iv manual 14 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h17_v14  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v14  |Led Housing for crystal h:17, v:14  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v15  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:17, v:15  |                       84.15*mm 53.55*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h17_v15  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:17, v:15  |                       84.15*mm 53.55*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v15  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v15  |wrapping for crystal h:17, v:15  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h17_v15  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v15  |      PbWO4 crystal h:17, v:15  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 17 iv manual 15 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h17_v15  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v15  |Led Housing for crystal h:17, v:15  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:17, v:16  |                       84.15*mm 68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h17_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:17, v:16  |                       84.15*mm 68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v16  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v16  |wrapping for crystal h:17, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h17_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v16  |      PbWO4 crystal h:17, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 17 iv manual 16 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h17_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v16  |Led Housing for crystal h:17, v:16  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:17, v:17  |                       84.15*mm 84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h17_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:17, v:17  |                       84.15*mm 84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v17  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v17  |wrapping for crystal h:17, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h17_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v17  |      PbWO4 crystal h:17, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 17 iv manual 17 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h17_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v17  |Led Housing for crystal h:17, v:17  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v18  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:17, v:18  |                       84.15*mm 99.45*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h17_v18  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:17, v:18  |                       84.15*mm 99.45*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v18  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v18  |wrapping for crystal h:17, v:18  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h17_v18  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v18  |      PbWO4 crystal h:17, v:18  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 17 iv manual 18 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h17_v18  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v18  |Led Housing for crystal h:17, v:18  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v19  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:17, v:19  |                      84.15*mm 114.75*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h17_v19  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:17, v:19  |                      84.15*mm 114.75*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v19  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v19  |wrapping for crystal h:17, v:19  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h17_v19  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v19  |      PbWO4 crystal h:17, v:19  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 17 iv manual 19 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h17_v19  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v19  |Led Housing for crystal h:17, v:19  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v20  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:17, v:20  |                      84.15*mm 130.05*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h17_v20  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:17, v:20  |                      84.15*mm 130.05*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v20  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v20  |wrapping for crystal h:17, v:20  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h17_v20  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v20  |      PbWO4 crystal h:17, v:20  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 17 iv manual 20 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h17_v20  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v20  |Led Housing for crystal h:17, v:20  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v21  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:17, v:21  |                      84.15*mm 145.35*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h17_v21  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:17, v:21  |                      84.15*mm 145.35*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v21  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h17_v21  |wrapping for crystal h:17, v:21  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h17_v21  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v21  |      PbWO4 crystal h:17, v:21  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 17 iv manual 21 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h17_v21  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h17_v21  |Led Housing for crystal h:17, v:21  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h18_v3  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:18, v:3  |                     99.45*mm -130.05*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h18_v3  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:18, v:3  |                     99.45*mm -130.05*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v3  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h18_v3  |wrapping for crystal h:18, v:3  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h18_v3  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v3  |       PbWO4 crystal h:18, v:3  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 18 iv manual 3 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h18_v3  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v3  |Led Housing for crystal h:18, v:3  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h18_v4  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:18, v:4  |                     99.45*mm -114.75*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h18_v4  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:18, v:4  |                     99.45*mm -114.75*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v4  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h18_v4  |wrapping for crystal h:18, v:4  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h18_v4  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v4  |       PbWO4 crystal h:18, v:4  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 18 iv manual 4 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h18_v4  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v4  |Led Housing for crystal h:18, v:4  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h18_v5  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:18, v:5  |                      99.45*mm -99.45*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h18_v5  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:18, v:5  |                      99.45*mm -99.45*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v5  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h18_v5  |wrapping for crystal h:18, v:5  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h18_v5  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v5  |       PbWO4 crystal h:18, v:5  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 18 iv manual 5 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h18_v5  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v5  |Led Housing for crystal h:18, v:5  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h18_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:18, v:6  |                      99.45*mm -84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h18_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:18, v:6  |                      99.45*mm -84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v6  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h18_v6  |wrapping for crystal h:18, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h18_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v6  |       PbWO4 crystal h:18, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 18 iv manual 6 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h18_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v6  |Led Housing for crystal h:18, v:6  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h18_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:18, v:7  |                      99.45*mm -68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h18_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:18, v:7  |                      99.45*mm -68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v7  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h18_v7  |wrapping for crystal h:18, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h18_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v7  |       PbWO4 crystal h:18, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 18 iv manual 7 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h18_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v7  |Led Housing for crystal h:18, v:7  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h18_v8  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:18, v:8  |                      99.45*mm -53.55*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h18_v8  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:18, v:8  |                      99.45*mm -53.55*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v8  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h18_v8  |wrapping for crystal h:18, v:8  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h18_v8  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v8  |       PbWO4 crystal h:18, v:8  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 18 iv manual 8 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h18_v8  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v8  |Led Housing for crystal h:18, v:8  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h18_v9  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:18, v:9  |                      99.45*mm -38.25*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h18_v9  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:18, v:9  |                      99.45*mm -38.25*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v9  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h18_v9  |wrapping for crystal h:18, v:9  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h18_v9  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v9  |       PbWO4 crystal h:18, v:9  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 18 iv manual 9 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h18_v9  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v9  |Led Housing for crystal h:18, v:9  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h18_v10  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:18, v:10  |                      99.45*mm -22.95*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h18_v10  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:18, v:10  |                      99.45*mm -22.95*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v10  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h18_v10  |wrapping for crystal h:18, v:10  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h18_v10  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v10  |      PbWO4 crystal h:18, v:10  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 18 iv manual 10 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h18_v10  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v10  |Led Housing for crystal h:18, v:10  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h18_v11  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:18, v:11  |                       99.45*mm -7.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h18_v11  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:18, v:11  |                       99.45*mm -7.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v11  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h18_v11  |wrapping for crystal h:18, v:11  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h18_v11  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v11  |      PbWO4 crystal h:18, v:11  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 18 iv manual 11 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h18_v11  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v11  |Led Housing for crystal h:18, v:11  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h18_v12  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:18, v:12  |                        99.45*mm 7.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h18_v12  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:18, v:12  |                        99.45*mm 7.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v12  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h18_v12  |wrapping for crystal h:18, v:12  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h18_v12  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v12  |      PbWO4 crystal h:18, v:12  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 18 iv manual 12 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h18_v12  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v12  |Led Housing for crystal h:18, v:12  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h18_v13  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:18, v:13  |                       99.45*mm 22.95*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h18_v13  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:18, v:13  |                       99.45*mm 22.95*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v13  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h18_v13  |wrapping for crystal h:18, v:13  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h18_v13  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v13  |      PbWO4 crystal h:18, v:13  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 18 iv manual 13 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h18_v13  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v13  |Led Housing for crystal h:18, v:13  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h18_v14  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:18, v:14  |                       99.45*mm 38.25*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h18_v14  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:18, v:14  |                       99.45*mm 38.25*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v14  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h18_v14  |wrapping for crystal h:18, v:14  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h18_v14  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v14  |      PbWO4 crystal h:18, v:14  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 18 iv manual 14 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h18_v14  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v14  |Led Housing for crystal h:18, v:14  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h18_v15  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:18, v:15  |                       99.45*mm 53.55*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h18_v15  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:18, v:15  |                       99.45*mm 53.55*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v15  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h18_v15  |wrapping for crystal h:18, v:15  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h18_v15  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v15  |      PbWO4 crystal h:18, v:15  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 18 iv manual 15 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h18_v15  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v15  |Led Housing for crystal h:18, v:15  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h18_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:18, v:16  |                       99.45*mm 68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h18_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:18, v:16  |                       99.45*mm 68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v16  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h18_v16  |wrapping for crystal h:18, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h18_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v16  |      PbWO4 crystal h:18, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 18 iv manual 16 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h18_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v16  |Led Housing for crystal h:18, v:16  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h18_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:18, v:17  |                       99.45*mm 84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h18_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:18, v:17  |                       99.45*mm 84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v17  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h18_v17  |wrapping for crystal h:18, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h18_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v17  |      PbWO4 crystal h:18, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 18 iv manual 17 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h18_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v17  |Led Housing for crystal h:18, v:17  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h18_v18  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:18, v:18  |                       99.45*mm 99.45*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h18_v18  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:18, v:18  |                       99.45*mm 99.45*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v18  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h18_v18  |wrapping for crystal h:18, v:18  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h18_v18  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v18  |      PbWO4 crystal h:18, v:18  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 18 iv manual 18 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h18_v18  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v18  |Led Housing for crystal h:18, v:18  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h18_v19  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:18, v:19  |                      99.45*mm 114.75*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h18_v19  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:18, v:19  |                      99.45*mm 114.75*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v19  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h18_v19  |wrapping for crystal h:18, v:19  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h18_v19  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v19  |      PbWO4 crystal h:18, v:19  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 18 iv manual 19 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h18_v19  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v19  |Led Housing for crystal h:18, v:19  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h18_v20  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:18, v:20  |                      99.45*mm 130.05*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h18_v20  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:18, v:20  |                      99.45*mm 130.05*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v20  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h18_v20  |wrapping for crystal h:18, v:20  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h18_v20  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v20  |      PbWO4 crystal h:18, v:20  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 18 iv manual 20 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h18_v20  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h18_v20  |Led Housing for crystal h:18, v:20  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h19_v4  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:19, v:4  |                    114.75*mm -114.75*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h19_v4  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:19, v:4  |                    114.75*mm -114.75*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v4  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h19_v4  |wrapping for crystal h:19, v:4  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h19_v4  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v4  |       PbWO4 crystal h:19, v:4  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 19 iv manual 4 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h19_v4  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v4  |Led Housing for crystal h:19, v:4  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h19_v5  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:19, v:5  |                     114.75*mm -99.45*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h19_v5  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:19, v:5  |                     114.75*mm -99.45*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v5  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h19_v5  |wrapping for crystal h:19, v:5  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h19_v5  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v5  |       PbWO4 crystal h:19, v:5  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 19 iv manual 5 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h19_v5  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v5  |Led Housing for crystal h:19, v:5  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h19_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:19, v:6  |                     114.75*mm -84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h19_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:19, v:6  |                     114.75*mm -84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v6  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h19_v6  |wrapping for crystal h:19, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h19_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v6  |       PbWO4 crystal h:19, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 19 iv manual 6 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h19_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v6  |Led Housing for crystal h:19, v:6  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h19_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:19, v:7  |                     114.75*mm -68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h19_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:19, v:7  |                     114.75*mm -68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v7  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h19_v7  |wrapping for crystal h:19, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h19_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v7  |       PbWO4 crystal h:19, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 19 iv manual 7 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h19_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v7  |Led Housing for crystal h:19, v:7  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h19_v8  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:19, v:8  |                     114.75*mm -53.55*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h19_v8  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:19, v:8  |                     114.75*mm -53.55*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v8  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h19_v8  |wrapping for crystal h:19, v:8  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h19_v8  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v8  |       PbWO4 crystal h:19, v:8  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 19 iv manual 8 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h19_v8  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v8  |Led Housing for crystal h:19, v:8  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h19_v9  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:19, v:9  |                     114.75*mm -38.25*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h19_v9  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:19, v:9  |                     114.75*mm -38.25*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v9  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h19_v9  |wrapping for crystal h:19, v:9  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h19_v9  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v9  |       PbWO4 crystal h:19, v:9  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 19 iv manual 9 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h19_v9  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v9  |Led Housing for crystal h:19, v:9  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h19_v10  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:19, v:10  |                     114.75*mm -22.95*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h19_v10  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:19, v:10  |                     114.75*mm -22.95*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v10  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h19_v10  |wrapping for crystal h:19, v:10  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h19_v10  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v10  |      PbWO4 crystal h:19, v:10  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 19 iv manual 10 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h19_v10  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v10  |Led Housing for crystal h:19, v:10  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h19_v11  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:19, v:11  |                      114.75*mm -7.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h19_v11  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:19, v:11  |                      114.75*mm -7.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v11  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h19_v11  |wrapping for crystal h:19, v:11  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h19_v11  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v11  |      PbWO4 crystal h:19, v:11  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 19 iv manual 11 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h19_v11  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v11  |Led Housing for crystal h:19, v:11  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h19_v12  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:19, v:12  |                       114.75*mm 7.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h19_v12  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:19, v:12  |                       114.75*mm 7.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v12  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h19_v12  |wrapping for crystal h:19, v:12  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h19_v12  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v12  |      PbWO4 crystal h:19, v:12  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 19 iv manual 12 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h19_v12  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v12  |Led Housing for crystal h:19, v:12  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h19_v13  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:19, v:13  |                      114.75*mm 22.95*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h19_v13  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:19, v:13  |                      114.75*mm 22.95*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v13  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h19_v13  |wrapping for crystal h:19, v:13  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h19_v13  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v13  |      PbWO4 crystal h:19, v:13  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 19 iv manual 13 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h19_v13  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v13  |Led Housing for crystal h:19, v:13  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h19_v14  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:19, v:14  |                      114.75*mm 38.25*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h19_v14  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:19, v:14  |                      114.75*mm 38.25*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v14  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h19_v14  |wrapping for crystal h:19, v:14  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h19_v14  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v14  |      PbWO4 crystal h:19, v:14  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 19 iv manual 14 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h19_v14  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v14  |Led Housing for crystal h:19, v:14  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h19_v15  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:19, v:15  |                      114.75*mm 53.55*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h19_v15  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:19, v:15  |                      114.75*mm 53.55*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v15  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h19_v15  |wrapping for crystal h:19, v:15  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h19_v15  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v15  |      PbWO4 crystal h:19, v:15  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 19 iv manual 15 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h19_v15  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v15  |Led Housing for crystal h:19, v:15  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h19_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:19, v:16  |                      114.75*mm 68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h19_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:19, v:16  |                      114.75*mm 68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v16  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h19_v16  |wrapping for crystal h:19, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h19_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v16  |      PbWO4 crystal h:19, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 19 iv manual 16 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h19_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v16  |Led Housing for crystal h:19, v:16  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h19_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:19, v:17  |                      114.75*mm 84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h19_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:19, v:17  |                      114.75*mm 84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v17  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h19_v17  |wrapping for crystal h:19, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h19_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v17  |      PbWO4 crystal h:19, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 19 iv manual 17 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h19_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v17  |Led Housing for crystal h:19, v:17  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h19_v18  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:19, v:18  |                      114.75*mm 99.45*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h19_v18  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:19, v:18  |                      114.75*mm 99.45*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v18  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h19_v18  |wrapping for crystal h:19, v:18  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h19_v18  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v18  |      PbWO4 crystal h:19, v:18  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 19 iv manual 18 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h19_v18  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v18  |Led Housing for crystal h:19, v:18  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h19_v19  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:19, v:19  |                     114.75*mm 114.75*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h19_v19  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:19, v:19  |                     114.75*mm 114.75*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v19  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h19_v19  |wrapping for crystal h:19, v:19  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h19_v19  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v19  |      PbWO4 crystal h:19, v:19  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 19 iv manual 19 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h19_v19  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h19_v19  |Led Housing for crystal h:19, v:19  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h20_v5  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:20, v:5  |                     130.05*mm -99.45*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h20_v5  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:20, v:5  |                     130.05*mm -99.45*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v5  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h20_v5  |wrapping for crystal h:20, v:5  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h20_v5  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v5  |       PbWO4 crystal h:20, v:5  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 20 iv manual 5 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h20_v5  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v5  |Led Housing for crystal h:20, v:5  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h20_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:20, v:6  |                     130.05*mm -84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h20_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:20, v:6  |                     130.05*mm -84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v6  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h20_v6  |wrapping for crystal h:20, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h20_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v6  |       PbWO4 crystal h:20, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 20 iv manual 6 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h20_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v6  |Led Housing for crystal h:20, v:6  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h20_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:20, v:7  |                     130.05*mm -68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h20_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:20, v:7  |                     130.05*mm -68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v7  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h20_v7  |wrapping for crystal h:20, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h20_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v7  |       PbWO4 crystal h:20, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 20 iv manual 7 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h20_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v7  |Led Housing for crystal h:20, v:7  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h20_v8  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:20, v:8  |                     130.05*mm -53.55*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h20_v8  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:20, v:8  |                     130.05*mm -53.55*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v8  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h20_v8  |wrapping for crystal h:20, v:8  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h20_v8  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v8  |       PbWO4 crystal h:20, v:8  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 20 iv manual 8 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h20_v8  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v8  |Led Housing for crystal h:20, v:8  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h20_v9  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:20, v:9  |                     130.05*mm -38.25*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h20_v9  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:20, v:9  |                     130.05*mm -38.25*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v9  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h20_v9  |wrapping for crystal h:20, v:9  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h20_v9  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v9  |       PbWO4 crystal h:20, v:9  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 20 iv manual 9 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h20_v9  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v9  |Led Housing for crystal h:20, v:9  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h20_v10  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:20, v:10  |                     130.05*mm -22.95*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h20_v10  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:20, v:10  |                     130.05*mm -22.95*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v10  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h20_v10  |wrapping for crystal h:20, v:10  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h20_v10  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v10  |      PbWO4 crystal h:20, v:10  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 20 iv manual 10 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h20_v10  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v10  |Led Housing for crystal h:20, v:10  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h20_v11  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:20, v:11  |                      130.05*mm -7.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h20_v11  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:20, v:11  |                      130.05*mm -7.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v11  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h20_v11  |wrapping for crystal h:20, v:11  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h20_v11  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v11  |      PbWO4 crystal h:20, v:11  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 20 iv manual 11 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h20_v11  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v11  |Led Housing for crystal h:20, v:11  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h20_v12  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:20, v:12  |                       130.05*mm 7.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h20_v12  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:20, v:12  |                       130.05*mm 7.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v12  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h20_v12  |wrapping for crystal h:20, v:12  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h20_v12  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v12  |      PbWO4 crystal h:20, v:12  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 20 iv manual 12 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h20_v12  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v12  |Led Housing for crystal h:20, v:12  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h20_v13  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:20, v:13  |                      130.05*mm 22.95*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h20_v13  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:20, v:13  |                      130.05*mm 22.95*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v13  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h20_v13  |wrapping for crystal h:20, v:13  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h20_v13  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v13  |      PbWO4 crystal h:20, v:13  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 20 iv manual 13 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h20_v13  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v13  |Led Housing for crystal h:20, v:13  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h20_v14  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:20, v:14  |                      130.05*mm 38.25*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h20_v14  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:20, v:14  |                      130.05*mm 38.25*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v14  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h20_v14  |wrapping for crystal h:20, v:14  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h20_v14  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v14  |      PbWO4 crystal h:20, v:14  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 20 iv manual 14 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h20_v14  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v14  |Led Housing for crystal h:20, v:14  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h20_v15  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:20, v:15  |                      130.05*mm 53.55*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h20_v15  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:20, v:15  |                      130.05*mm 53.55*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v15  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h20_v15  |wrapping for crystal h:20, v:15  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h20_v15  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v15  |      PbWO4 crystal h:20, v:15  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 20 iv manual 15 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h20_v15  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v15  |Led Housing for crystal h:20, v:15  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h20_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:20, v:16  |                      130.05*mm 68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h20_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:20, v:16  |                      130.05*mm 68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v16  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h20_v16  |wrapping for crystal h:20, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h20_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v16  |      PbWO4 crystal h:20, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 20 iv manual 16 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h20_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v16  |Led Housing for crystal h:20, v:16  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h20_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:20, v:17  |                      130.05*mm 84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h20_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:20, v:17  |                      130.05*mm 84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v17  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h20_v17  |wrapping for crystal h:20, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h20_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v17  |      PbWO4 crystal h:20, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 20 iv manual 17 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h20_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v17  |Led Housing for crystal h:20, v:17  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h20_v18  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:20, v:18  |                      130.05*mm 99.45*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h20_v18  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:20, v:18  |                      130.05*mm 99.45*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v18  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h20_v18  |wrapping for crystal h:20, v:18  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h20_v18  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v18  |      PbWO4 crystal h:20, v:18  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 20 iv manual 18 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h20_v18  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h20_v18  |Led Housing for crystal h:20, v:18  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h21_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:21, v:6  |                     145.35*mm -84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h21_v6  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:21, v:6  |                     145.35*mm -84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h21_v6  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h21_v6  |wrapping for crystal h:21, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h21_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h21_v6  |       PbWO4 crystal h:21, v:6  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 21 iv manual 6 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h21_v6  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h21_v6  |Led Housing for crystal h:21, v:6  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h21_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:21, v:7  |                     145.35*mm -68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h21_v7  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:21, v:7  |                     145.35*mm -68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h21_v7  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h21_v7  |wrapping for crystal h:21, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h21_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h21_v7  |       PbWO4 crystal h:21, v:7  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 21 iv manual 7 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h21_v7  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h21_v7  |Led Housing for crystal h:21, v:7  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h21_v8  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:21, v:8  |                     145.35*mm -53.55*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h21_v8  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:21, v:8  |                     145.35*mm -53.55*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h21_v8  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h21_v8  |wrapping for crystal h:21, v:8  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h21_v8  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h21_v8  |       PbWO4 crystal h:21, v:8  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 21 iv manual 8 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h21_v8  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h21_v8  |Led Housing for crystal h:21, v:8  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h21_v9  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:21, v:9  |                     145.35*mm -38.25*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h21_v9  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:21, v:9  |                     145.35*mm -38.25*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h21_v9  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h21_v9  |wrapping for crystal h:21, v:9  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h21_v9  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h21_v9  |       PbWO4 crystal h:21, v:9  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 21 iv manual 9 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h21_v9  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h21_v9  |Led Housing for crystal h:21, v:9  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h21_v10  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:21, v:10  |                     145.35*mm -22.95*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h21_v10  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:21, v:10  |                     145.35*mm -22.95*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h21_v10  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h21_v10  |wrapping for crystal h:21, v:10  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h21_v10  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h21_v10  |      PbWO4 crystal h:21, v:10  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 21 iv manual 10 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h21_v10  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h21_v10  |Led Housing for crystal h:21, v:10  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h21_v11  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:21, v:11  |                      145.35*mm -7.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h21_v11  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:21, v:11  |                      145.35*mm -7.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h21_v11  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h21_v11  |wrapping for crystal h:21, v:11  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h21_v11  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h21_v11  |      PbWO4 crystal h:21, v:11  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 21 iv manual 11 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h21_v11  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h21_v11  |Led Housing for crystal h:21, v:11  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h21_v12  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:21, v:12  |                       145.35*mm 7.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h21_v12  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:21, v:12  |                       145.35*mm 7.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h21_v12  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h21_v12  |wrapping for crystal h:21, v:12  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h21_v12  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h21_v12  |      PbWO4 crystal h:21, v:12  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 21 iv manual 12 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h21_v12  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h21_v12  |Led Housing for crystal h:21, v:12  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h21_v13  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:21, v:13  |                      145.35*mm 22.95*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h21_v13  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:21, v:13  |                      145.35*mm 22.95*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h21_v13  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h21_v13  |wrapping for crystal h:21, v:13  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h21_v13  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h21_v13  |      PbWO4 crystal h:21, v:13  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 21 iv manual 13 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h21_v13  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h21_v13  |Led Housing for crystal h:21, v:13  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h21_v14  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:21, v:14  |                      145.35*mm 38.25*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h21_v14  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:21, v:14  |                      145.35*mm 38.25*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h21_v14  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h21_v14  |wrapping for crystal h:21, v:14  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h21_v14  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h21_v14  |      PbWO4 crystal h:21, v:14  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 21 iv manual 14 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h21_v14  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h21_v14  |Led Housing for crystal h:21, v:14  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h21_v15  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:21, v:15  |                      145.35*mm 53.55*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h21_v15  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:21, v:15  |                      145.35*mm 53.55*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h21_v15  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h21_v15  |wrapping for crystal h:21, v:15  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h21_v15  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h21_v15  |      PbWO4 crystal h:21, v:15  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 21 iv manual 15 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h21_v15  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h21_v15  |Led Housing for crystal h:21, v:15  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h21_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:21, v:16  |                      145.35*mm 68.85*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h21_v16  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:21, v:16  |                      145.35*mm 68.85*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h21_v16  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h21_v16  |wrapping for crystal h:21, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h21_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h21_v16  |      PbWO4 crystal h:21, v:16  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 21 iv manual 16 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h21_v16  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h21_v16  |Led Housing for crystal h:21, v:16  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h21_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:21, v:17  |                      145.35*mm 84.15*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h21_v17  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:21, v:17  |                      145.35*mm 84.15*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h21_v17  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h21_v17  |wrapping for crystal h:21, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h21_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h21_v17  |      PbWO4 crystal h:21, v:17  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 21 iv manual 17 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h21_v17  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h21_v17  |Led Housing for crystal h:21, v:17  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h22_v9  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:22, v:9  |                     160.65*mm -38.25*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h22_v9  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |     apd for crystal h:22, v:9  |                     160.65*mm -38.25*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h22_v9  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h22_v9  |wrapping for crystal h:22, v:9  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_cr_h22_v9  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h22_v9  |       PbWO4 crystal h:22, v:9  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |                ih manual 22 iv manual 9 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h22_v9  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h22_v9  |Led Housing for crystal h:22, v:9  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h22_v10  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:22, v:10  |                     160.65*mm -22.95*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h22_v10  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:22, v:10  |                     160.65*mm -22.95*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h22_v10  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h22_v10  |wrapping for crystal h:22, v:10  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h22_v10  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h22_v10  |      PbWO4 crystal h:22, v:10  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 22 iv manual 10 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h22_v10  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h22_v10  |Led Housing for crystal h:22, v:10  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h22_v11  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:22, v:11  |                      160.65*mm -7.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h22_v11  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:22, v:11  |                      160.65*mm -7.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h22_v11  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h22_v11  |wrapping for crystal h:22, v:11  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h22_v11  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h22_v11  |      PbWO4 crystal h:22, v:11  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 22 iv manual 11 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h22_v11  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h22_v11  |Led Housing for crystal h:22, v:11  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h22_v12  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:22, v:12  |                       160.65*mm 7.65*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h22_v12  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:22, v:12  |                       160.65*mm 7.65*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h22_v12  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h22_v12  |wrapping for crystal h:22, v:12  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h22_v12  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h22_v12  |      PbWO4 crystal h:22, v:12  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 22 iv manual 12 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h22_v12  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h22_v12  |Led Housing for crystal h:22, v:12  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h22_v13  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:22, v:13  |                      160.65*mm 22.95*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h22_v13  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:22, v:13  |                      160.65*mm 22.95*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h22_v13  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h22_v13  |wrapping for crystal h:22, v:13  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h22_v13  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h22_v13  |      PbWO4 crystal h:22, v:13  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 22 iv manual 13 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h22_v13  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h22_v13  |Led Housing for crystal h:22, v:13  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h22_v14  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |Mother Volume for crystal h:22, v:14  |                      160.65*mm 38.25*mm 1993.8*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                      7.65*mm 7.65*mm 104*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_apd_h22_v14  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |    apd for crystal h:22, v:14  |                      160.65*mm 38.25*mm 2102.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 99CC66   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_cr_wrap_h22_v14  |ft_cal_cr_motherVolume_h22_v14  |wrapping for crystal h:22, v:14  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 838EDE   |                 Box  |                                    7.565*mm 7.565*mm 104*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_cr_h22_v14  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h22_v14  |      PbWO4 crystal h:22, v:14  |                                    0*mm 0*mm 4*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 836FFF   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 100*mm  |            G4_PbWO4  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |              ft_cal  |              ft_cal  |               ih manual 22 iv manual 14 
ft_cal_cr_ledHousing_h22_v14  |ft_cal_cr_wrap_h22_v14  |Led Housing for crystal h:22, v:14  |                                 0*mm 0*mm -100*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EEC900   |                 Box  |                                          7.5*mm 7.5*mm 4*mm  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
         ft_cal_flux  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |                       ft flux  |                           0.0*mm 0.0*mm 2098.3*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | aa0088   |                Tube  |                       55*mm 178.5*mm 0.5*mm 0.*deg 360.*deg  |         G4_Galactic  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                flux  |                flux  |                             id manual 3 
       moller_disk_1  |                root  |                 Moller Disk 1  |                            0*mm 0.0*mm 1847.66*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | aa0088   |                Tube  |                        56*mm 150*mm 0.05*mm 0.0*deg 360*deg  |         G4_Galactic  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   0   |   0   |                flux  |                flux  |                             id manual 2 
  ft_cal_back_copper  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |                ft back_copper  |                           0.0*mm 0.0*mm 2109.9*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | CC6600   |                Tube  |                         55*mm 178.5*mm 4*mm 0.*deg 360.*deg  |               G4_Cu  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_front_copper  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |               ft front_copper  |                           0.0*mm 0.0*mm 1888.7*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | CC6600   |                Tube  |                         55*mm 178.5*mm 1*mm 0.*deg 360.*deg  |               G4_Cu  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_inner_copper  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |               ft inner_copper  |                          0.0*mm 0.0*mm 2025.85*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | CC6600   |                Tube  |                       51*mm 55*mm 138.15*mm 0.*deg 360.*deg  |               G4_Cu  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_outer_copper  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |               ft outer_copper  |                          0.0*mm 0.0*mm 2025.85*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | CC6600   |                Tube  |                 178.5*mm 180.5*mm 138.15*mm 0.*deg 360.*deg  |               G4_Cu  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_back_plate  |ft_calCrystalsMother  |                 ft back_plate  |                             0.0*mm 0.0*mm 2139*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 7F9A65   |                Tube  |                        55*mm 178.5*mm 25*mm 0.*deg 360.*deg  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_cal_back_mtb  |              ft_cal  |              ft back_mtb disk  |                           0.0*mm 0.0*mm 2165.1*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 0B3B0B   |                Tube  |                         51*mm 180.5*mm 1*mm 0.*deg 360.*deg  |             pcboard  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
  ft_cal_back_mtb_h0  |              ft_cal  |             ft back_mtb hear0  |253.710907279274*mm -146.559801881443*mm 2165.1*mm  |                      0*deg 0*deg 30*deg  | 0B3B0B   |                 Box  |                                         112.5*mm 40*mm 1*mm  |             pcboard  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
  ft_cal_back_mtb_h1  |              ft_cal  |             ft back_mtb hear1  |-253.917911980933*mm -146.200868585802*mm 2165.1*mm  |                     0*deg 0*deg 150*deg  | 0B3B0B   |                 Box  |                                         112.5*mm 40*mm 1*mm  |             pcboard  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
  ft_cal_back_mtb_h2  |              ft_cal  |             ft back_mtb hear2  |-253.503395197004*mm 146.918442081283*mm 2165.1*mm  |                     0*deg 0*deg 210*deg  | 0B3B0B   |                 Box  |                                         112.5*mm 40*mm 1*mm  |             pcboard  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
  ft_cal_back_mtb_h3  |              ft_cal  |             ft back_mtb hear3  | 254.124408888008*mm 145.841642912168*mm 2165.1*mm  |                     0*deg 0*deg 330*deg  | 0B3B0B   |                 Box  |                                         112.5*mm 40*mm 1*mm  |             pcboard  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
          ft_cal_led  |              ft_cal  |                        ft led  |                           0.0*mm 0.0*mm 1881.5*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 333333   |                Tube  |                       55*mm 178.5*mm 6.1*mm 0.*deg 360.*deg  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_tcup_back  |              ft_cal  |tungsten cup and cone at the back of the ft, back part  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | ff0000   |            Polycone  |0.0*deg 360*deg 2*counts 190*mm 190*mm 208.48464*mm 212.56352*mm 2167.2*mm 2209.6*mm  |                ft_W  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_tcup_plate  |              ft_cal  |stainless steel plate at the back of the ft  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | cccccc   |            Polycone  |0.0*deg 360*deg 2*counts 50.9*mm 50.9*mm 212.56352*mm 213.04452*mm 2209.6*mm 2214.6*mm  |  G4_STAINLESS-STEEL  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
   ft_cal_tcup_front  |              ft_cal  |tungsten cup and cone at the back of the ft, front part  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | ff0000   |            Polycone  |0.0*deg 360*deg 2*counts 190*mm 190*mm 201.01952*mm 208.0806*mm 2089.6*mm 2163*mm  |                ft_W  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
      ft_cal_tcup_m1  |              ft_cal  |tungsten cup and cone at the back of the ft, medium part 1  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | ff0000   |            Polycone  |42.9*deg 94.2*deg 2*counts 190*mm 190*mm 208.48464*mm 208.0806*mm 2167.2*mm 2163*mm  |                ft_W  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
      ft_cal_tcup_m2  |              ft_cal  |tungsten cup and cone at the back of the ft, medium part 2  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | ff0000   |            Polycone  |162.9*deg 34.2*deg 2*counts 190*mm 190*mm 208.48464*mm 208.0806*mm 2167.2*mm 2163*mm  |                ft_W  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
      ft_cal_tcup_m3  |              ft_cal  |tungsten cup and cone at the back of the ft, medium part 3  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | ff0000   |            Polycone  |222.9*deg 94.2*deg 2*counts 190*mm 190*mm 208.48464*mm 208.0806*mm 2167.2*mm 2163*mm  |                ft_W  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
      ft_cal_tcup_m4  |              ft_cal  |tungsten cup and cone at the back of the ft, medium part 4  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | ff0000   |            Polycone  |342.9*deg 34.2*deg 2*counts 190*mm 190*mm 208.48464*mm 208.0806*mm 2167.2*mm 2163*mm  |                ft_W  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_cal_inner_ins  |              ft_cal  |                  ft inner_ins  |                          0.0*mm 0.0*mm 2039.65*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | F5F6CE   |                Tube  |                   40.01*mm 50.9*mm 174.9*mm 0.*deg 360.*deg  |             insfoam  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
  ft_cal_outer_ins_f  |              ft_cal  |                ft outer_ins_f  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | F5F6CE   |            Polycone  |0.0*deg 360*deg 5*counts 40.01*mm 40.01*mm 179.39414*mm 201.02952*mm 208.5806*mm 192.942102*mm 194.38414*mm 194.38414*mm 216.01952*mm 223.0806*mm 1849.71*mm 1864.7*mm 1864.7*mm 2089.6*mm 2163*mm  |             insfoam  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
  ft_cal_outer_ins_b  |              ft_cal  |                ft outer_ins_b  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | F5F6CE   |            Polycone  |0.0*deg 360*deg 8*counts 208.98464*mm 212.57352*mm 213.05452*mm 213.055482*mm 40.01*mm 40.01*mm 214.49752*mm 214.49752*mm 223.48464*mm 227.56352*mm 228.04452*mm 228.045482*mm 228.045482*mm 229.48752*mm 229.48752*mm 229.48752*mm 2167.2*mm 2209.6*mm 2214.6*mm 2214.61*mm 2214.61*mm 2229.6*mm 2229.6*mm 2249.6*mm  |             insfoam  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_outer_ins_m1  |              ft_cal  |               ft outer_ins_m1  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | F5F6CE   |            Polycone  |42.9*deg 94.2*deg 2*counts 208.98464*mm 208.5806*mm 223.48464*mm 223.0806*mm 2167.2*mm 2163*mm  |             insfoam  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_outer_ins_m2  |              ft_cal  |               ft outer_ins_m2  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | F5F6CE   |            Polycone  |162.9*deg 34.2*deg 2*counts 208.98464*mm 208.5806*mm 223.48464*mm 223.0806*mm 2167.2*mm 2163*mm  |             insfoam  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_outer_ins_m3  |              ft_cal  |               ft outer_ins_m3  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | F5F6CE   |            Polycone  |222.9*deg 94.2*deg 2*counts 208.98464*mm 208.5806*mm 223.48464*mm 223.0806*mm 2167.2*mm 2163*mm  |             insfoam  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
 ft_cal_outer_ins_m4  |              ft_cal  |               ft outer_ins_m4  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | F5F6CE   |            Polycone  |342.9*deg 34.2*deg 2*counts 208.98464*mm 208.5806*mm 223.48464*mm 223.0806*mm 2167.2*mm 2163*mm  |             insfoam  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_outer_shell_f  |              ft_cal  |              ft outer_shell_f  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | F5DA81   |            Polycone  |0.0*deg 360*deg 5*counts 40.01*mm 40.01*mm 192.94114*mm 216.01952*mm 223.7706*mm 194.739702*mm 194.93114*mm 194.93114*mm 218.00952*mm 225.0706*mm 1847.71*mm 1849.7*mm 1849.7*mm 2089.6*mm 2163*mm  |         carbonFiber  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_outer_shell_b  |              ft_cal  |              ft outer_shell_b  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | F5DA81   |            Polycone  |0.0*deg 360*deg 9*counts 224.17464*mm 227.56352*mm 228.04452*mm 228.045482*mm 229.48752*mm 229.48752*mm 231.412482*mm 211.422482*mm 211.422482*mm 225.47464*mm 229.55352*mm 230.03452*mm 230.035482*mm 231.47752*mm 231.47752*mm 233.402482*mm 233.402482*mm 233.402482*mm 2167.2*mm 2209.6*mm 2214.6*mm 2214.61*mm 2229.6*mm 2229.6*mm 2249.61*mm 2249.61*mm 2251.6*mm  |         carbonFiber  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_outer_shell_m1  |              ft_cal  |              ft outer_shell 1  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | F5DA81   |            Polycone  |42.9*deg 94.2*deg 2*counts 224.17464*mm 223.7706*mm 225.47464*mm 225.0706*mm 2167.2*mm 2163*mm  |         carbonFiber  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_outer_shell_m2  |              ft_cal  |              ft outer_shell 2  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | F5DA81   |            Polycone  |162.9*deg 34.2*deg 2*counts 224.17464*mm 223.7706*mm 225.47464*mm 225.0706*mm 2167.2*mm 2163*mm  |         carbonFiber  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_outer_shell_m3  |              ft_cal  |              ft outer_shell 3  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | F5DA81   |            Polycone  |222.9*deg 94.2*deg 2*counts 224.17464*mm 223.7706*mm 225.47464*mm 225.0706*mm 2167.2*mm 2163*mm  |         carbonFiber  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_cal_outer_shell_m4  |              ft_cal  |              ft outer_shell 4  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | F5DA81   |            Polycone  |342.9*deg 34.2*deg 2*counts 224.17464*mm 223.7706*mm 225.47464*mm 225.0706*mm 2167.2*mm 2163*mm  |         carbonFiber  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
       ft_cal_tplate  |              ft_cal  |             ft tungsten plate  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | ff0000   |            Polycone  |0.0*deg 360*deg 3*counts 40*mm 40*mm 52*mm 214.488482*mm 214.488482*mm 214.488482*mm 2229.61*mm 2237.6*mm 2249.6*mm  |                ft_W  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
             ft_hodo  |                root  |    ft scintillation hodoscope  |                              0.0*mm 0.0*mm 0.0*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 3399FF   |            Polycone  |0.0*deg 360*deg 4*counts 52.5*mm 52.5*mm 40*mm 40*mm 178.5*mm 178.5*mm 178.5*mm 178.5*mm 1809.61*mm 1810.6*mm 1810.6*mm 1847.61*mm  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   0   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
    ft_hodo_innervol  |             ft_hodo  |ft scintillation hodoscope inner volume  |                          0.0*mm 0.0*mm 1828.61*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | 3399FF   |                Tube  |                      52.5*mm 178.5*mm 19*mm 0.*deg 360.*deg  |              G4_AIR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   0   |   0   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
        ft_hodo_ring  |             ft_hodo  |     ft hodoscope support ring  |                          0.0*mm 0.0*mm 1829.11*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | cccccc   |                Tube  |                       40*mm 52.5*mm 18.5*mm 0.*deg 360.*deg  |             ft_peek  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
          ft_hodo_L1  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |       ft_hodo layer 1 support  |                           0.0*mm 0.0*mm -18.75*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EFEFFB   |                Tube  |                    52.5*mm 178.5*mm 0.25*mm 0.*deg 360.*deg  |         carbonFiber  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_hodo_p15_111  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p15_ 1 1 1  |                         98.8*mm 129.2*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_111  |     ft_hodo_p15_111  |       ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 1 1 1  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 1 layer manual 1 component manual 1 
     ft_hodo_p30_112  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 1 1 2  |                           76*mm 136.8*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_112  |     ft_hodo_p30_112  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 1 1 2  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 1 layer manual 1 component manual 2 
     ft_hodo_p15_113  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p15_ 1 1 3  |                         129.2*mm 98.8*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_113  |     ft_hodo_p15_113  |       ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 1 1 3  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 1 layer manual 1 component manual 3 
     ft_hodo_p30_114  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 1 1 4  |                        106.4*mm 106.4*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_114  |     ft_hodo_p30_114  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 1 1 4  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 1 layer manual 1 component manual 4 
     ft_hodo_p30_115  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 1 1 5  |                           76*mm 106.4*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_115  |     ft_hodo_p30_115  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 1 1 5  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 1 layer manual 1 component manual 5 
     ft_hodo_p30_116  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 1 1 6  |                           136.8*mm 76*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_116  |     ft_hodo_p30_116  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 1 1 6  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 1 layer manual 1 component manual 6 
     ft_hodo_p30_117  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 1 1 7  |                           106.4*mm 76*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_117  |     ft_hodo_p30_117  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 1 1 7  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 1 layer manual 1 component manual 7 
     ft_hodo_p30_118  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 1 1 8  |                              76*mm 76*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_118  |     ft_hodo_p30_118  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 1 1 8  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 1 layer manual 1 component manual 8 
     ft_hodo_p15_119  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p15_ 1 1 9  |                          53.2*mm 53.2*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_119  |     ft_hodo_p15_119  |       ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 1 1 9  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 1 layer manual 1 component manual 9 
     ft_hodo_p30_211  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 2 1 1  |                           45.6*mm 152*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_211  |     ft_hodo_p30_211  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 2 1 1  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 1 component manual 1 
     ft_hodo_p30_212  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 2 1 2  |                           15.2*mm 152*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_212  |     ft_hodo_p30_212  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 2 1 2  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 1 component manual 2 
     ft_hodo_p30_213  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 2 1 3  |                          -15.2*mm 152*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_213  |     ft_hodo_p30_213  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 2 1 3  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 1 component manual 3 
     ft_hodo_p30_214  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 2 1 4  |                          -45.6*mm 152*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_214  |     ft_hodo_p30_214  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 2 1 4  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 1 component manual 4 
     ft_hodo_p30_215  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 2 1 5  |                         45.6*mm 121.6*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_215  |     ft_hodo_p30_215  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 2 1 5  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 1 component manual 5 
     ft_hodo_p30_216  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 2 1 6  |                         15.2*mm 121.6*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_216  |     ft_hodo_p30_216  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 2 1 6  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 1 component manual 6 
     ft_hodo_p30_217  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 2 1 7  |                        -15.2*mm 121.6*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_217  |     ft_hodo_p30_217  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 2 1 7  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 1 component manual 7 
     ft_hodo_p30_218  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 2 1 8  |                        -45.6*mm 121.6*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_218  |     ft_hodo_p30_218  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 2 1 8  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 1 component manual 8 
     ft_hodo_p30_219  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 2 1 9  |                          45.6*mm 91.2*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_219  |     ft_hodo_p30_219  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 2 1 9  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 1 component manual 9 
    ft_hodo_p30_2110  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p30_ 2 1 10  |                          15.2*mm 91.2*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_2110  |    ft_hodo_p30_2110  |      ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 2 1 10  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 1 component manual 10 
    ft_hodo_p30_2111  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p30_ 2 1 11  |                         -15.2*mm 91.2*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_2111  |    ft_hodo_p30_2111  |      ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 2 1 11  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 1 component manual 11 
    ft_hodo_p30_2112  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p30_ 2 1 12  |                         -45.6*mm 91.2*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_2112  |    ft_hodo_p30_2112  |      ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 2 1 12  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 1 component manual 12 
    ft_hodo_p15_2113  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 2 1 13  |                          53.2*mm 68.4*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_2113  |    ft_hodo_p15_2113  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 2 1 13  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 1 component manual 13 
    ft_hodo_p15_2114  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 2 1 14  |                            38*mm 68.4*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_2114  |    ft_hodo_p15_2114  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 2 1 14  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 1 component manual 14 
    ft_hodo_p15_2115  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 2 1 15  |                          22.8*mm 68.4*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_2115  |    ft_hodo_p15_2115  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 2 1 15  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 1 component manual 15 
    ft_hodo_p15_2116  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 2 1 16  |                           7.6*mm 68.4*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_2116  |    ft_hodo_p15_2116  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 2 1 16  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 1 component manual 16 
    ft_hodo_p15_2117  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 2 1 17  |                          -7.6*mm 68.4*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_2117  |    ft_hodo_p15_2117  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 2 1 17  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 1 component manual 17 
    ft_hodo_p15_2118  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 2 1 18  |                         -22.8*mm 68.4*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_2118  |    ft_hodo_p15_2118  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 2 1 18  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 1 component manual 18 
    ft_hodo_p15_2119  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 2 1 19  |                           -38*mm 68.4*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_2119  |    ft_hodo_p15_2119  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 2 1 19  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 1 component manual 19 
    ft_hodo_p15_2120  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 2 1 20  |                         -53.2*mm 68.4*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_2120  |    ft_hodo_p15_2120  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 2 1 20  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 1 component manual 20 
     ft_hodo_p15_311  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p15_ 3 1 1  |                        -129.2*mm 98.8*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_311  |     ft_hodo_p15_311  |       ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 3 1 1  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 3 layer manual 1 component manual 1 
     ft_hodo_p30_312  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 3 1 2  |                          -136.8*mm 76*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_312  |     ft_hodo_p30_312  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 3 1 2  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 3 layer manual 1 component manual 2 
     ft_hodo_p15_313  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p15_ 3 1 3  |                        -98.8*mm 129.2*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_313  |     ft_hodo_p15_313  |       ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 3 1 3  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 3 layer manual 1 component manual 3 
     ft_hodo_p30_314  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 3 1 4  |                       -106.4*mm 106.4*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_314  |     ft_hodo_p30_314  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 3 1 4  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 3 layer manual 1 component manual 4 
     ft_hodo_p30_315  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 3 1 5  |                          -106.4*mm 76*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_315  |     ft_hodo_p30_315  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 3 1 5  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 3 layer manual 1 component manual 5 
     ft_hodo_p30_316  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 3 1 6  |                          -76*mm 136.8*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_316  |     ft_hodo_p30_316  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 3 1 6  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 3 layer manual 1 component manual 6 
     ft_hodo_p30_317  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 3 1 7  |                          -76*mm 106.4*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_317  |     ft_hodo_p30_317  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 3 1 7  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 3 layer manual 1 component manual 7 
     ft_hodo_p30_318  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 3 1 8  |                             -76*mm 76*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_318  |     ft_hodo_p30_318  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 3 1 8  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 3 layer manual 1 component manual 8 
     ft_hodo_p15_319  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p15_ 3 1 9  |                         -53.2*mm 53.2*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_319  |     ft_hodo_p15_319  |       ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 3 1 9  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 3 layer manual 1 component manual 9 
     ft_hodo_p30_411  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 4 1 1  |                          -152*mm 45.6*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_411  |     ft_hodo_p30_411  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 4 1 1  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 1 component manual 1 
     ft_hodo_p30_412  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 4 1 2  |                          -152*mm 15.2*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_412  |     ft_hodo_p30_412  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 4 1 2  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 1 component manual 2 
     ft_hodo_p30_413  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 4 1 3  |                         -152*mm -15.2*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_413  |     ft_hodo_p30_413  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 4 1 3  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 1 component manual 3 
     ft_hodo_p30_414  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 4 1 4  |                         -152*mm -45.6*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_414  |     ft_hodo_p30_414  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 4 1 4  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 1 component manual 4 
     ft_hodo_p30_415  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 4 1 5  |                        -121.6*mm 45.6*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_415  |     ft_hodo_p30_415  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 4 1 5  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 1 component manual 5 
     ft_hodo_p30_416  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 4 1 6  |                        -121.6*mm 15.2*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_416  |     ft_hodo_p30_416  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 4 1 6  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 1 component manual 6 
     ft_hodo_p30_417  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 4 1 7  |                       -121.6*mm -15.2*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_417  |     ft_hodo_p30_417  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 4 1 7  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 1 component manual 7 
     ft_hodo_p30_418  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 4 1 8  |                       -121.6*mm -45.6*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_418  |     ft_hodo_p30_418  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 4 1 8  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 1 component manual 8 
     ft_hodo_p30_419  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 4 1 9  |                         -91.2*mm 45.6*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_419  |     ft_hodo_p30_419  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 4 1 9  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 1 component manual 9 
    ft_hodo_p30_4110  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p30_ 4 1 10  |                         -91.2*mm 15.2*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_4110  |    ft_hodo_p30_4110  |      ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 4 1 10  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 1 component manual 10 
    ft_hodo_p30_4111  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p30_ 4 1 11  |                        -91.2*mm -15.2*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_4111  |    ft_hodo_p30_4111  |      ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 4 1 11  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 1 component manual 11 
    ft_hodo_p30_4112  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p30_ 4 1 12  |                        -91.2*mm -45.6*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_4112  |    ft_hodo_p30_4112  |      ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 4 1 12  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 1 component manual 12 
    ft_hodo_p15_4113  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 4 1 13  |                         -68.4*mm 53.2*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_4113  |    ft_hodo_p15_4113  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 4 1 13  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 1 component manual 13 
    ft_hodo_p15_4114  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 4 1 14  |                           -68.4*mm 38*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_4114  |    ft_hodo_p15_4114  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 4 1 14  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 1 component manual 14 
    ft_hodo_p15_4115  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 4 1 15  |                         -68.4*mm 22.8*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_4115  |    ft_hodo_p15_4115  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 4 1 15  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 1 component manual 15 
    ft_hodo_p15_4116  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 4 1 16  |                          -68.4*mm 7.6*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_4116  |    ft_hodo_p15_4116  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 4 1 16  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 1 component manual 16 
    ft_hodo_p15_4117  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 4 1 17  |                         -68.4*mm -7.6*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_4117  |    ft_hodo_p15_4117  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 4 1 17  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 1 component manual 17 
    ft_hodo_p15_4118  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 4 1 18  |                        -68.4*mm -22.8*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_4118  |    ft_hodo_p15_4118  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 4 1 18  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 1 component manual 18 
    ft_hodo_p15_4119  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 4 1 19  |                          -68.4*mm -38*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_4119  |    ft_hodo_p15_4119  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 4 1 19  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 1 component manual 19 
    ft_hodo_p15_4120  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 4 1 20  |                        -68.4*mm -53.2*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_4120  |    ft_hodo_p15_4120  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 4 1 20  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 1 component manual 20 
     ft_hodo_p15_511  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p15_ 5 1 1  |                       -98.8*mm -129.2*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_511  |     ft_hodo_p15_511  |       ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 5 1 1  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 5 layer manual 1 component manual 1 
     ft_hodo_p30_512  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 5 1 2  |                         -76*mm -136.8*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_512  |     ft_hodo_p30_512  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 5 1 2  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 5 layer manual 1 component manual 2 
     ft_hodo_p15_513  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p15_ 5 1 3  |                       -129.2*mm -98.8*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_513  |     ft_hodo_p15_513  |       ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 5 1 3  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 5 layer manual 1 component manual 3 
     ft_hodo_p30_514  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 5 1 4  |                      -106.4*mm -106.4*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_514  |     ft_hodo_p30_514  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 5 1 4  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 5 layer manual 1 component manual 4 
     ft_hodo_p30_515  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 5 1 5  |                         -76*mm -106.4*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_515  |     ft_hodo_p30_515  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 5 1 5  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 5 layer manual 1 component manual 5 
     ft_hodo_p30_516  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 5 1 6  |                         -136.8*mm -76*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_516  |     ft_hodo_p30_516  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 5 1 6  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 5 layer manual 1 component manual 6 
     ft_hodo_p30_517  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 5 1 7  |                         -106.4*mm -76*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_517  |     ft_hodo_p30_517  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 5 1 7  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 5 layer manual 1 component manual 7 
     ft_hodo_p30_518  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 5 1 8  |                            -76*mm -76*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_518  |     ft_hodo_p30_518  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 5 1 8  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 5 layer manual 1 component manual 8 
     ft_hodo_p15_519  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p15_ 5 1 9  |                        -53.2*mm -53.2*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_519  |     ft_hodo_p15_519  |       ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 5 1 9  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 5 layer manual 1 component manual 9 
     ft_hodo_p30_611  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 6 1 1  |                         -45.6*mm -152*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_611  |     ft_hodo_p30_611  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 6 1 1  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 1 component manual 1 
     ft_hodo_p30_612  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 6 1 2  |                         -15.2*mm -152*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_612  |     ft_hodo_p30_612  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 6 1 2  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 1 component manual 2 
     ft_hodo_p30_613  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 6 1 3  |                          15.2*mm -152*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_613  |     ft_hodo_p30_613  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 6 1 3  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 1 component manual 3 
     ft_hodo_p30_614  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 6 1 4  |                          45.6*mm -152*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_614  |     ft_hodo_p30_614  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 6 1 4  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 1 component manual 4 
     ft_hodo_p30_615  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 6 1 5  |                       -45.6*mm -121.6*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_615  |     ft_hodo_p30_615  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 6 1 5  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 1 component manual 5 
     ft_hodo_p30_616  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 6 1 6  |                       -15.2*mm -121.6*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_616  |     ft_hodo_p30_616  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 6 1 6  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 1 component manual 6 
     ft_hodo_p30_617  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 6 1 7  |                        15.2*mm -121.6*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_617  |     ft_hodo_p30_617  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 6 1 7  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 1 component manual 7 
     ft_hodo_p30_618  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 6 1 8  |                        45.6*mm -121.6*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_618  |     ft_hodo_p30_618  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 6 1 8  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 1 component manual 8 
     ft_hodo_p30_619  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 6 1 9  |                        -45.6*mm -91.2*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_619  |     ft_hodo_p30_619  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 6 1 9  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 1 component manual 9 
    ft_hodo_p30_6110  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p30_ 6 1 10  |                        -15.2*mm -91.2*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_6110  |    ft_hodo_p30_6110  |      ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 6 1 10  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 1 component manual 10 
    ft_hodo_p30_6111  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p30_ 6 1 11  |                         15.2*mm -91.2*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_6111  |    ft_hodo_p30_6111  |      ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 6 1 11  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 1 component manual 11 
    ft_hodo_p30_6112  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p30_ 6 1 12  |                         45.6*mm -91.2*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_6112  |    ft_hodo_p30_6112  |      ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 6 1 12  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 1 component manual 12 
    ft_hodo_p15_6113  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 6 1 13  |                        -53.2*mm -68.4*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_6113  |    ft_hodo_p15_6113  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 6 1 13  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 1 component manual 13 
    ft_hodo_p15_6114  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 6 1 14  |                          -38*mm -68.4*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_6114  |    ft_hodo_p15_6114  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 6 1 14  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 1 component manual 14 
    ft_hodo_p15_6115  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 6 1 15  |                        -22.8*mm -68.4*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_6115  |    ft_hodo_p15_6115  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 6 1 15  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 1 component manual 15 
    ft_hodo_p15_6116  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 6 1 16  |                         -7.6*mm -68.4*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_6116  |    ft_hodo_p15_6116  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 6 1 16  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 1 component manual 16 
    ft_hodo_p15_6117  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 6 1 17  |                          7.6*mm -68.4*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_6117  |    ft_hodo_p15_6117  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 6 1 17  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 1 component manual 17 
    ft_hodo_p15_6118  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 6 1 18  |                         22.8*mm -68.4*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_6118  |    ft_hodo_p15_6118  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 6 1 18  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 1 component manual 18 
    ft_hodo_p15_6119  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 6 1 19  |                           38*mm -68.4*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_6119  |    ft_hodo_p15_6119  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 6 1 19  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 1 component manual 19 
    ft_hodo_p15_6120  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 6 1 20  |                         53.2*mm -68.4*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_6120  |    ft_hodo_p15_6120  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 6 1 20  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 1 component manual 20 
     ft_hodo_p15_711  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p15_ 7 1 1  |                        129.2*mm -98.8*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_711  |     ft_hodo_p15_711  |       ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 7 1 1  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 7 layer manual 1 component manual 1 
     ft_hodo_p30_712  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 7 1 2  |                          136.8*mm -76*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_712  |     ft_hodo_p30_712  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 7 1 2  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 7 layer manual 1 component manual 2 
     ft_hodo_p15_713  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p15_ 7 1 3  |                        98.8*mm -129.2*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_713  |     ft_hodo_p15_713  |       ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 7 1 3  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 7 layer manual 1 component manual 3 
     ft_hodo_p30_714  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 7 1 4  |                       106.4*mm -106.4*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_714  |     ft_hodo_p30_714  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 7 1 4  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 7 layer manual 1 component manual 4 
     ft_hodo_p30_715  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 7 1 5  |                          106.4*mm -76*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_715  |     ft_hodo_p30_715  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 7 1 5  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 7 layer manual 1 component manual 5 
     ft_hodo_p30_716  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 7 1 6  |                          76*mm -136.8*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_716  |     ft_hodo_p30_716  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 7 1 6  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 7 layer manual 1 component manual 6 
     ft_hodo_p30_717  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 7 1 7  |                          76*mm -106.4*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_717  |     ft_hodo_p30_717  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 7 1 7  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 7 layer manual 1 component manual 7 
     ft_hodo_p30_718  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 7 1 8  |                             76*mm -76*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_718  |     ft_hodo_p30_718  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 7 1 8  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 7 layer manual 1 component manual 8 
     ft_hodo_p15_719  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p15_ 7 1 9  |                         53.2*mm -53.2*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_719  |     ft_hodo_p15_719  |       ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 7 1 9  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 7 layer manual 1 component manual 9 
     ft_hodo_p30_811  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 8 1 1  |                          152*mm -45.6*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_811  |     ft_hodo_p30_811  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 8 1 1  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 1 component manual 1 
     ft_hodo_p30_812  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 8 1 2  |                          152*mm -15.2*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_812  |     ft_hodo_p30_812  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 8 1 2  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 1 component manual 2 
     ft_hodo_p30_813  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 8 1 3  |                           152*mm 15.2*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_813  |     ft_hodo_p30_813  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 8 1 3  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 1 component manual 3 
     ft_hodo_p30_814  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 8 1 4  |                           152*mm 45.6*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_814  |     ft_hodo_p30_814  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 8 1 4  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 1 component manual 4 
     ft_hodo_p30_815  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 8 1 5  |                        121.6*mm -45.6*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_815  |     ft_hodo_p30_815  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 8 1 5  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 1 component manual 5 
     ft_hodo_p30_816  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 8 1 6  |                        121.6*mm -15.2*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_816  |     ft_hodo_p30_816  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 8 1 6  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 1 component manual 6 
     ft_hodo_p30_817  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 8 1 7  |                         121.6*mm 15.2*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_817  |     ft_hodo_p30_817  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 8 1 7  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 1 component manual 7 
     ft_hodo_p30_818  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 8 1 8  |                         121.6*mm 45.6*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_818  |     ft_hodo_p30_818  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 8 1 8  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 1 component manual 8 
     ft_hodo_p30_819  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 8 1 9  |                         91.2*mm -45.6*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_819  |     ft_hodo_p30_819  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 8 1 9  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 1 component manual 9 
    ft_hodo_p30_8110  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p30_ 8 1 10  |                         91.2*mm -15.2*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_8110  |    ft_hodo_p30_8110  |      ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 8 1 10  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 1 component manual 10 
    ft_hodo_p30_8111  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p30_ 8 1 11  |                          91.2*mm 15.2*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_8111  |    ft_hodo_p30_8111  |      ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 8 1 11  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 1 component manual 11 
    ft_hodo_p30_8112  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p30_ 8 1 12  |                          91.2*mm 45.6*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_8112  |    ft_hodo_p30_8112  |      ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 8 1 12  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 1 component manual 12 
    ft_hodo_p15_8113  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 8 1 13  |                         68.4*mm -53.2*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_8113  |    ft_hodo_p15_8113  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 8 1 13  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 1 component manual 13 
    ft_hodo_p15_8114  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 8 1 14  |                           68.4*mm -38*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_8114  |    ft_hodo_p15_8114  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 8 1 14  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 1 component manual 14 
    ft_hodo_p15_8115  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 8 1 15  |                         68.4*mm -22.8*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_8115  |    ft_hodo_p15_8115  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 8 1 15  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 1 component manual 15 
    ft_hodo_p15_8116  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 8 1 16  |                          68.4*mm -7.6*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_8116  |    ft_hodo_p15_8116  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 8 1 16  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 1 component manual 16 
    ft_hodo_p15_8117  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 8 1 17  |                           68.4*mm 7.6*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_8117  |    ft_hodo_p15_8117  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 8 1 17  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 1 component manual 17 
    ft_hodo_p15_8118  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 8 1 18  |                          68.4*mm 22.8*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_8118  |    ft_hodo_p15_8118  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 8 1 18  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 1 component manual 18 
    ft_hodo_p15_8119  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 8 1 19  |                            68.4*mm 38*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_8119  |    ft_hodo_p15_8119  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 8 1 19  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 1 component manual 19 
    ft_hodo_p15_8120  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 8 1 20  |                          68.4*mm 53.2*mm -14.9*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 3.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_8120  |    ft_hodo_p15_8120  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 8 1 20  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 3.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 1 component manual 20 
          ft_hodo_L2  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |       ft_hodo layer 2 support  |                           0.0*mm 0.0*mm -11.05*mm  |                                   0 0 0  | EFEFFB   |                Tube  |                    52.5*mm 178.5*mm 0.25*mm 0.*deg 360.*deg  |         carbonFiber  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
     ft_hodo_p15_121  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p15_ 1 2 1  |                          98.8*mm 129.2*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_121  |     ft_hodo_p15_121  |       ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 1 2 1  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 1 layer manual 2 component manual 1 
     ft_hodo_p30_122  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 1 2 2  |                            76*mm 136.8*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_122  |     ft_hodo_p30_122  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 1 2 2  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 1 layer manual 2 component manual 2 
     ft_hodo_p15_123  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p15_ 1 2 3  |                          129.2*mm 98.8*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_123  |     ft_hodo_p15_123  |       ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 1 2 3  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 1 layer manual 2 component manual 3 
     ft_hodo_p30_124  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 1 2 4  |                         106.4*mm 106.4*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_124  |     ft_hodo_p30_124  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 1 2 4  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 1 layer manual 2 component manual 4 
     ft_hodo_p30_125  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 1 2 5  |                            76*mm 106.4*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_125  |     ft_hodo_p30_125  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 1 2 5  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 1 layer manual 2 component manual 5 
     ft_hodo_p30_126  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 1 2 6  |                            136.8*mm 76*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_126  |     ft_hodo_p30_126  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 1 2 6  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 1 layer manual 2 component manual 6 
     ft_hodo_p30_127  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 1 2 7  |                            106.4*mm 76*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_127  |     ft_hodo_p30_127  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 1 2 7  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 1 layer manual 2 component manual 7 
     ft_hodo_p30_128  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 1 2 8  |                               76*mm 76*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_128  |     ft_hodo_p30_128  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 1 2 8  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 1 layer manual 2 component manual 8 
     ft_hodo_p15_129  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p15_ 1 2 9  |                           53.2*mm 53.2*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_129  |     ft_hodo_p15_129  |       ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 1 2 9  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 1 layer manual 2 component manual 9 
     ft_hodo_p30_221  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 2 2 1  |                            45.6*mm 152*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_221  |     ft_hodo_p30_221  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 2 2 1  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 2 component manual 1 
     ft_hodo_p30_222  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 2 2 2  |                            15.2*mm 152*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_222  |     ft_hodo_p30_222  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 2 2 2  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 2 component manual 2 
     ft_hodo_p30_223  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 2 2 3  |                           -15.2*mm 152*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_223  |     ft_hodo_p30_223  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 2 2 3  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 2 component manual 3 
     ft_hodo_p30_224  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 2 2 4  |                           -45.6*mm 152*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_224  |     ft_hodo_p30_224  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 2 2 4  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 2 component manual 4 
     ft_hodo_p30_225  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 2 2 5  |                          45.6*mm 121.6*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_225  |     ft_hodo_p30_225  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 2 2 5  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 2 component manual 5 
     ft_hodo_p30_226  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 2 2 6  |                          15.2*mm 121.6*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_226  |     ft_hodo_p30_226  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 2 2 6  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 2 component manual 6 
     ft_hodo_p30_227  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 2 2 7  |                         -15.2*mm 121.6*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_227  |     ft_hodo_p30_227  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 2 2 7  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 2 component manual 7 
     ft_hodo_p30_228  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 2 2 8  |                         -45.6*mm 121.6*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_228  |     ft_hodo_p30_228  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 2 2 8  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 2 component manual 8 
     ft_hodo_p30_229  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 2 2 9  |                           45.6*mm 91.2*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_229  |     ft_hodo_p30_229  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 2 2 9  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 2 component manual 9 
    ft_hodo_p30_2210  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p30_ 2 2 10  |                           15.2*mm 91.2*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_2210  |    ft_hodo_p30_2210  |      ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 2 2 10  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 2 component manual 10 
    ft_hodo_p30_2211  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p30_ 2 2 11  |                          -15.2*mm 91.2*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_2211  |    ft_hodo_p30_2211  |      ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 2 2 11  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 2 component manual 11 
    ft_hodo_p30_2212  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p30_ 2 2 12  |                          -45.6*mm 91.2*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_2212  |    ft_hodo_p30_2212  |      ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 2 2 12  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 2 component manual 12 
    ft_hodo_p15_2213  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 2 2 13  |                           53.2*mm 68.4*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_2213  |    ft_hodo_p15_2213  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 2 2 13  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 2 component manual 13 
    ft_hodo_p15_2214  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 2 2 14  |                             38*mm 68.4*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_2214  |    ft_hodo_p15_2214  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 2 2 14  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 2 component manual 14 
    ft_hodo_p15_2215  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 2 2 15  |                           22.8*mm 68.4*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_2215  |    ft_hodo_p15_2215  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 2 2 15  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 2 component manual 15 
    ft_hodo_p15_2216  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 2 2 16  |                            7.6*mm 68.4*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_2216  |    ft_hodo_p15_2216  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 2 2 16  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 2 component manual 16 
    ft_hodo_p15_2217  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 2 2 17  |                           -7.6*mm 68.4*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_2217  |    ft_hodo_p15_2217  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 2 2 17  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 2 component manual 17 
    ft_hodo_p15_2218  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 2 2 18  |                          -22.8*mm 68.4*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_2218  |    ft_hodo_p15_2218  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 2 2 18  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 2 component manual 18 
    ft_hodo_p15_2219  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 2 2 19  |                            -38*mm 68.4*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_2219  |    ft_hodo_p15_2219  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 2 2 19  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 2 component manual 19 
    ft_hodo_p15_2220  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 2 2 20  |                          -53.2*mm 68.4*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_2220  |    ft_hodo_p15_2220  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 2 2 20  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 2 layer manual 2 component manual 20 
     ft_hodo_p15_321  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p15_ 3 2 1  |                         -129.2*mm 98.8*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_321  |     ft_hodo_p15_321  |       ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 3 2 1  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 3 layer manual 2 component manual 1 
     ft_hodo_p30_322  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 3 2 2  |                           -136.8*mm 76*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_322  |     ft_hodo_p30_322  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 3 2 2  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 3 layer manual 2 component manual 2 
     ft_hodo_p15_323  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p15_ 3 2 3  |                         -98.8*mm 129.2*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_323  |     ft_hodo_p15_323  |       ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 3 2 3  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 3 layer manual 2 component manual 3 
     ft_hodo_p30_324  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 3 2 4  |                        -106.4*mm 106.4*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_324  |     ft_hodo_p30_324  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 3 2 4  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 3 layer manual 2 component manual 4 
     ft_hodo_p30_325  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 3 2 5  |                           -106.4*mm 76*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_325  |     ft_hodo_p30_325  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 3 2 5  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 3 layer manual 2 component manual 5 
     ft_hodo_p30_326  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 3 2 6  |                           -76*mm 136.8*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_326  |     ft_hodo_p30_326  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 3 2 6  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 3 layer manual 2 component manual 6 
     ft_hodo_p30_327  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 3 2 7  |                           -76*mm 106.4*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_327  |     ft_hodo_p30_327  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 3 2 7  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 3 layer manual 2 component manual 7 
     ft_hodo_p30_328  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 3 2 8  |                              -76*mm 76*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_328  |     ft_hodo_p30_328  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 3 2 8  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 3 layer manual 2 component manual 8 
     ft_hodo_p15_329  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p15_ 3 2 9  |                          -53.2*mm 53.2*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_329  |     ft_hodo_p15_329  |       ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 3 2 9  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 3 layer manual 2 component manual 9 
     ft_hodo_p30_421  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 4 2 1  |                           -152*mm 45.6*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_421  |     ft_hodo_p30_421  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 4 2 1  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 2 component manual 1 
     ft_hodo_p30_422  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 4 2 2  |                           -152*mm 15.2*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_422  |     ft_hodo_p30_422  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 4 2 2  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 2 component manual 2 
     ft_hodo_p30_423  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 4 2 3  |                          -152*mm -15.2*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_423  |     ft_hodo_p30_423  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 4 2 3  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 2 component manual 3 
     ft_hodo_p30_424  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 4 2 4  |                          -152*mm -45.6*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_424  |     ft_hodo_p30_424  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 4 2 4  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 2 component manual 4 
     ft_hodo_p30_425  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 4 2 5  |                         -121.6*mm 45.6*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_425  |     ft_hodo_p30_425  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 4 2 5  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 2 component manual 5 
     ft_hodo_p30_426  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 4 2 6  |                         -121.6*mm 15.2*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_426  |     ft_hodo_p30_426  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 4 2 6  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 2 component manual 6 
     ft_hodo_p30_427  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 4 2 7  |                        -121.6*mm -15.2*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_427  |     ft_hodo_p30_427  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 4 2 7  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 2 component manual 7 
     ft_hodo_p30_428  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 4 2 8  |                        -121.6*mm -45.6*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_428  |     ft_hodo_p30_428  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 4 2 8  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 2 component manual 8 
     ft_hodo_p30_429  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 4 2 9  |                          -91.2*mm 45.6*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_429  |     ft_hodo_p30_429  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 4 2 9  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 2 component manual 9 
    ft_hodo_p30_4210  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p30_ 4 2 10  |                          -91.2*mm 15.2*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_4210  |    ft_hodo_p30_4210  |      ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 4 2 10  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 2 component manual 10 
    ft_hodo_p30_4211  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p30_ 4 2 11  |                         -91.2*mm -15.2*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_4211  |    ft_hodo_p30_4211  |      ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 4 2 11  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 2 component manual 11 
    ft_hodo_p30_4212  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p30_ 4 2 12  |                         -91.2*mm -45.6*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_4212  |    ft_hodo_p30_4212  |      ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 4 2 12  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 2 component manual 12 
    ft_hodo_p15_4213  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 4 2 13  |                          -68.4*mm 53.2*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_4213  |    ft_hodo_p15_4213  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 4 2 13  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 2 component manual 13 
    ft_hodo_p15_4214  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 4 2 14  |                            -68.4*mm 38*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_4214  |    ft_hodo_p15_4214  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 4 2 14  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 2 component manual 14 
    ft_hodo_p15_4215  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 4 2 15  |                          -68.4*mm 22.8*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_4215  |    ft_hodo_p15_4215  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 4 2 15  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 2 component manual 15 
    ft_hodo_p15_4216  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 4 2 16  |                           -68.4*mm 7.6*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_4216  |    ft_hodo_p15_4216  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 4 2 16  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 2 component manual 16 
    ft_hodo_p15_4217  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 4 2 17  |                          -68.4*mm -7.6*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_4217  |    ft_hodo_p15_4217  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 4 2 17  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 2 component manual 17 
    ft_hodo_p15_4218  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 4 2 18  |                         -68.4*mm -22.8*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_4218  |    ft_hodo_p15_4218  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 4 2 18  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 2 component manual 18 
    ft_hodo_p15_4219  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 4 2 19  |                           -68.4*mm -38*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_4219  |    ft_hodo_p15_4219  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 4 2 19  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 2 component manual 19 
    ft_hodo_p15_4220  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 4 2 20  |                         -68.4*mm -53.2*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_4220  |    ft_hodo_p15_4220  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 4 2 20  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 4 layer manual 2 component manual 20 
     ft_hodo_p15_521  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p15_ 5 2 1  |                        -98.8*mm -129.2*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_521  |     ft_hodo_p15_521  |       ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 5 2 1  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 5 layer manual 2 component manual 1 
     ft_hodo_p30_522  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 5 2 2  |                          -76*mm -136.8*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_522  |     ft_hodo_p30_522  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 5 2 2  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 5 layer manual 2 component manual 2 
     ft_hodo_p15_523  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p15_ 5 2 3  |                        -129.2*mm -98.8*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_523  |     ft_hodo_p15_523  |       ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 5 2 3  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 5 layer manual 2 component manual 3 
     ft_hodo_p30_524  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 5 2 4  |                       -106.4*mm -106.4*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_524  |     ft_hodo_p30_524  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 5 2 4  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 5 layer manual 2 component manual 4 
     ft_hodo_p30_525  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 5 2 5  |                          -76*mm -106.4*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_525  |     ft_hodo_p30_525  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 5 2 5  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 5 layer manual 2 component manual 5 
     ft_hodo_p30_526  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 5 2 6  |                          -136.8*mm -76*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_526  |     ft_hodo_p30_526  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 5 2 6  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 5 layer manual 2 component manual 6 
     ft_hodo_p30_527  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 5 2 7  |                          -106.4*mm -76*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_527  |     ft_hodo_p30_527  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 5 2 7  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 5 layer manual 2 component manual 7 
     ft_hodo_p30_528  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 5 2 8  |                             -76*mm -76*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_528  |     ft_hodo_p30_528  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 5 2 8  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 5 layer manual 2 component manual 8 
     ft_hodo_p15_529  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p15_ 5 2 9  |                         -53.2*mm -53.2*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_529  |     ft_hodo_p15_529  |       ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 5 2 9  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 5 layer manual 2 component manual 9 
     ft_hodo_p30_621  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 6 2 1  |                          -45.6*mm -152*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_621  |     ft_hodo_p30_621  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 6 2 1  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 2 component manual 1 
     ft_hodo_p30_622  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 6 2 2  |                          -15.2*mm -152*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_622  |     ft_hodo_p30_622  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 6 2 2  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 2 component manual 2 
     ft_hodo_p30_623  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 6 2 3  |                           15.2*mm -152*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_623  |     ft_hodo_p30_623  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 6 2 3  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 2 component manual 3 
     ft_hodo_p30_624  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 6 2 4  |                           45.6*mm -152*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_624  |     ft_hodo_p30_624  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 6 2 4  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 2 component manual 4 
     ft_hodo_p30_625  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 6 2 5  |                        -45.6*mm -121.6*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_625  |     ft_hodo_p30_625  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 6 2 5  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 2 component manual 5 
     ft_hodo_p30_626  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 6 2 6  |                        -15.2*mm -121.6*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_626  |     ft_hodo_p30_626  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 6 2 6  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 2 component manual 6 
     ft_hodo_p30_627  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 6 2 7  |                         15.2*mm -121.6*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_627  |     ft_hodo_p30_627  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 6 2 7  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 2 component manual 7 
     ft_hodo_p30_628  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 6 2 8  |                         45.6*mm -121.6*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_628  |     ft_hodo_p30_628  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 6 2 8  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 2 component manual 8 
     ft_hodo_p30_629  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 6 2 9  |                         -45.6*mm -91.2*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_629  |     ft_hodo_p30_629  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 6 2 9  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 2 component manual 9 
    ft_hodo_p30_6210  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p30_ 6 2 10  |                         -15.2*mm -91.2*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_6210  |    ft_hodo_p30_6210  |      ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 6 2 10  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 2 component manual 10 
    ft_hodo_p30_6211  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p30_ 6 2 11  |                          15.2*mm -91.2*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_6211  |    ft_hodo_p30_6211  |      ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 6 2 11  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 2 component manual 11 
    ft_hodo_p30_6212  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p30_ 6 2 12  |                          45.6*mm -91.2*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_6212  |    ft_hodo_p30_6212  |      ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 6 2 12  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 2 component manual 12 
    ft_hodo_p15_6213  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 6 2 13  |                         -53.2*mm -68.4*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_6213  |    ft_hodo_p15_6213  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 6 2 13  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 2 component manual 13 
    ft_hodo_p15_6214  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 6 2 14  |                           -38*mm -68.4*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_6214  |    ft_hodo_p15_6214  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 6 2 14  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 2 component manual 14 
    ft_hodo_p15_6215  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 6 2 15  |                         -22.8*mm -68.4*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_6215  |    ft_hodo_p15_6215  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 6 2 15  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 2 component manual 15 
    ft_hodo_p15_6216  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 6 2 16  |                          -7.6*mm -68.4*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_6216  |    ft_hodo_p15_6216  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 6 2 16  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 2 component manual 16 
    ft_hodo_p15_6217  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 6 2 17  |                           7.6*mm -68.4*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_6217  |    ft_hodo_p15_6217  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 6 2 17  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 2 component manual 17 
    ft_hodo_p15_6218  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 6 2 18  |                          22.8*mm -68.4*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_6218  |    ft_hodo_p15_6218  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 6 2 18  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 2 component manual 18 
    ft_hodo_p15_6219  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 6 2 19  |                            38*mm -68.4*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_6219  |    ft_hodo_p15_6219  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 6 2 19  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 2 component manual 19 
    ft_hodo_p15_6220  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 6 2 20  |                          53.2*mm -68.4*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_6220  |    ft_hodo_p15_6220  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 6 2 20  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 6 layer manual 2 component manual 20 
     ft_hodo_p15_721  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p15_ 7 2 1  |                         129.2*mm -98.8*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_721  |     ft_hodo_p15_721  |       ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 7 2 1  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 7 layer manual 2 component manual 1 
     ft_hodo_p30_722  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 7 2 2  |                           136.8*mm -76*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_722  |     ft_hodo_p30_722  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 7 2 2  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 7 layer manual 2 component manual 2 
     ft_hodo_p15_723  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p15_ 7 2 3  |                         98.8*mm -129.2*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_723  |     ft_hodo_p15_723  |       ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 7 2 3  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 7 layer manual 2 component manual 3 
     ft_hodo_p30_724  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 7 2 4  |                        106.4*mm -106.4*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_724  |     ft_hodo_p30_724  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 7 2 4  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 7 layer manual 2 component manual 4 
     ft_hodo_p30_725  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 7 2 5  |                           106.4*mm -76*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_725  |     ft_hodo_p30_725  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 7 2 5  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 7 layer manual 2 component manual 5 
     ft_hodo_p30_726  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 7 2 6  |                           76*mm -136.8*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_726  |     ft_hodo_p30_726  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 7 2 6  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 7 layer manual 2 component manual 6 
     ft_hodo_p30_727  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 7 2 7  |                           76*mm -106.4*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_727  |     ft_hodo_p30_727  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 7 2 7  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 7 layer manual 2 component manual 7 
     ft_hodo_p30_728  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 7 2 8  |                              76*mm -76*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_728  |     ft_hodo_p30_728  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 7 2 8  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 7 layer manual 2 component manual 8 
     ft_hodo_p15_729  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p15_ 7 2 9  |                          53.2*mm -53.2*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_729  |     ft_hodo_p15_729  |       ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 7 2 9  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 7 layer manual 2 component manual 9 
     ft_hodo_p30_821  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 8 2 1  |                           152*mm -45.6*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_821  |     ft_hodo_p30_821  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 8 2 1  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 2 component manual 1 
     ft_hodo_p30_822  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 8 2 2  |                           152*mm -15.2*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_822  |     ft_hodo_p30_822  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 8 2 2  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 2 component manual 2 
     ft_hodo_p30_823  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 8 2 3  |                            152*mm 15.2*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_823  |     ft_hodo_p30_823  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 8 2 3  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 2 component manual 3 
     ft_hodo_p30_824  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 8 2 4  |                            152*mm 45.6*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_824  |     ft_hodo_p30_824  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 8 2 4  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 2 component manual 4 
     ft_hodo_p30_825  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 8 2 5  |                         121.6*mm -45.6*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_825  |     ft_hodo_p30_825  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 8 2 5  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 2 component manual 5 
     ft_hodo_p30_826  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 8 2 6  |                         121.6*mm -15.2*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_826  |     ft_hodo_p30_826  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 8 2 6  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 2 component manual 6 
     ft_hodo_p30_827  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 8 2 7  |                          121.6*mm 15.2*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_827  |     ft_hodo_p30_827  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 8 2 7  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 2 component manual 7 
     ft_hodo_p30_828  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 8 2 8  |                          121.6*mm 45.6*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_828  |     ft_hodo_p30_828  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 8 2 8  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 2 component manual 8 
     ft_hodo_p30_829  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |            ft_hodo_p30_ 8 2 9  |                          91.2*mm -45.6*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_829  |     ft_hodo_p30_829  |       ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 8 2 9  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 2 component manual 9 
    ft_hodo_p30_8210  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p30_ 8 2 10  |                          91.2*mm -15.2*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_8210  |    ft_hodo_p30_8210  |      ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 8 2 10  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 2 component manual 10 
    ft_hodo_p30_8211  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p30_ 8 2 11  |                           91.2*mm 15.2*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_8211  |    ft_hodo_p30_8211  |      ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 8 2 11  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 2 component manual 11 
    ft_hodo_p30_8212  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p30_ 8 2 12  |                           91.2*mm 45.6*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 0431B4   |                 Box  |                                      15.2*mm 15.2*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p30_tile_8212  |    ft_hodo_p30_8212  |      ft_hodo_p30_tile_ 8 2 12  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                          15*mm 15*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 2 component manual 12 
    ft_hodo_p15_8213  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 8 2 13  |                          68.4*mm -53.2*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_8213  |    ft_hodo_p15_8213  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 8 2 13  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 2 component manual 13 
    ft_hodo_p15_8214  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 8 2 14  |                            68.4*mm -38*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_8214  |    ft_hodo_p15_8214  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 8 2 14  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 2 component manual 14 
    ft_hodo_p15_8215  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 8 2 15  |                          68.4*mm -22.8*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_8215  |    ft_hodo_p15_8215  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 8 2 15  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 2 component manual 15 
    ft_hodo_p15_8216  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 8 2 16  |                           68.4*mm -7.6*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_8216  |    ft_hodo_p15_8216  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 8 2 16  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 2 component manual 16 
    ft_hodo_p15_8217  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 8 2 17  |                            68.4*mm 7.6*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_8217  |    ft_hodo_p15_8217  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 8 2 17  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 2 component manual 17 
    ft_hodo_p15_8218  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 8 2 18  |                           68.4*mm 22.8*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_8218  |    ft_hodo_p15_8218  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 8 2 18  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 2 component manual 18 
    ft_hodo_p15_8219  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 8 2 19  |                             68.4*mm 38*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_8219  |    ft_hodo_p15_8219  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 8 2 19  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 2 component manual 19 
    ft_hodo_p15_8220  |    ft_hodo_innervol  |           ft_hodo_p15_ 8 2 20  |                           68.4*mm 53.2*mm -3.2*mm  |                       0*deg 0*deg 0*deg  | 3399FF   |                 Box  |                                        7.6*mm 7.6*mm 7.6*mm  |            G4_MYLAR  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |                  no  |                  no  |                                      no 
ft_hodo_p15_tile_8220  |    ft_hodo_p15_8220  |      ft_hodo_p15_tile_ 8 2 20  |                                             0 0 0  |                                   0 0 0  | BCA9F5   |                 Box  |                                        7.5*mm 7.5*mm 7.5*mm  |        scintillator  |                  no  |     1   |     1   |     1   |   1   |   1   |             ft_hodo  |             ft_hodo  |sector manual 8 layer manual 2 component manual 20 
