# clas12Tags 5.4

---

### To load production tag 5.4 at JLab, use the following commands:

```
source /group/clas12/packages/setup.[c]sh
module load clas12
module switch gemc/5.4
```

---

## Release Notes:


- RF Frequency > RF Period 
- read RF parameters from DB if RFSETUP is set to `clas12_ccdb`
- RICH digitization (Connor Pecar, partially completed)
- updated RICH geometry

Standardized fadc time and tdc as follows:

```
	int fadc_time = convert_to_precision(time_in_ns);
	int tdc = time_in_ns/a1;
```

where
```
	double fadc_precision = 0.0625;  // 62 picoseconds resolution
	int convert_to_precision(double tdc) {
		return (int( tdc / fadc_precision ) / fadc_precision);
	}
```

1. time to tdc constants from CCDB 
2. verify time_to_tdc used in LUND background when applicable
2. fadc_time comes from convert_to_precision (time_in_ns) 

| detector | CCDB table                  | 
|----------|-----------------------------|
| band     | /calibration/band/tdc_conv  | 
| cnd      | /calibration/cnd/TDC_conv   | 
| ctof     | /calibration/ctof/tdc_conv  |
| ecal     | /calibration/ec/timing (a1) |
| ft_cal   |                             | 
| ft_hodo  |                             | 
| ftof     | /calibration/ftof/tdc_conv  |
| htcc     | /calibration/htcc/tdc_conv  | 
| ltcc     | /calibration/ltcc/tdc_conv  | 
| rich     |                             | 
| rtpc     |                             | 



- the following options are added/updated in the gcard:

  - SAVE_ALL_MOTHERS=1
  - SKIPREJECTEDHITS=1

 The following additional option to enable truth matching is 
 commented out and added on the OSG portal.
  - INTEGRATEDRAW=“*”


These changes do not affect the single electrons events memory usage (stays about ~1.0g) 
and increase the corresponding running time for 2000 events on ifarm,
from 437 seconds (4.58Hz) to  581 seconds (3.44Hz), or 25%, 
due to looping over all tracks for each event.



<br/>

---

### - from clas12Tags 5.3:

- removed the switch_antialiasing OpenGL function to make it compatible with apple arm chips.
- the binary field entry is now a string containing, in order, the solenoid and torus field maps filenames, separated
by a colon. For example: 
  - `Symm_solenoid_r601_phi1_z1201_13June2018:Full_torus_r251_phi181_z251_25Jan2021`
  - `Symm_solenoid_r601_phi1_z1201_13June2018:Symm_torus_r2501_phi16_z251_24Apr2018`

  The first one of these two examples is the one used in reconstruction, which is now also used in gemc. 
  The second one is the one used in the past in gemc, and equivalent to the ASCII maps.  

- from Raffaella: added option of choosing the beam particle time independently of the LUMI time window, 
  random population of beam bunches with lumi options
- last-a-foam geometry update for EC
- fadc time now includes 16 picoseconds precision


   
---

### - from clas12Tags 5.2:

4/14/23: This is a patched version that removed the switch_antialiasing OpenGL function to make it compatible with apple arm chips.

- addressing several warnings in the code due to sprintf 
- added option of choosing the beam particle start time (Raffaella) 
- binary magnetic field available configurations: 

  - c12BinaryTorusSymm2018Solenoid2018:`Symm_solenoid_r601_phi1_z1201_13June2018 Symm_torus_r2501_phi16_z251_24Apr2018`
  - c12BinaryTorusFull2020Solenoid2018:`Symm_solenoid_r601_phi1_z1201_13June2018 Full_torus_r251_phi181_z251_03March2020`
  - c12BinaryTorusFull2021Solenoid2018:`Symm_solenoid_r601_phi1_z1201_13June2018 Full_torus_r251_phi181_z251_25Jan2021`

- binary field maps `c12BinaryTorusFull2021Solenoid2018` set to be the default.
- added gcard options for SCALE_FIELD and DISPLACE_FIELDMAP: binary_torus and binary_solenoid to scale the binary field maps.
- fixed active fields not being written in the hipo output for binary maps
- PDG encoding for hipo output redirected to user friendly values: 
  - deuteron: 45
  - triton: 46
  - alpha: 47
  - He3: 49


---

### - from clas12Tags 5.1:


4/14/23: This is a patched version that removed the switch_antialiasing OpenGL function to make it compatible with apple arm chips.

- Binary Field Map Using cMag
- Added config bank GECM::config 
- Added 45 (deuteron, pdg=1000010020), 46 (triton, pdg=1000010030), 47 (alpha, pdg=1000020040), 49 (He3, pdg=1000020030)
- Added raster bank RASTER::adc 
	- given vx, vy of the first particle: 
	- component = 1=vx 2=vy
	- ped = (vx- p0) / p1, where p0, p1 from  /calibration/raster/adc_to_position
- Removed some problematic LTCC volumes from cad imports (side frame and some nose volumes). This will be revised and added later
- Fixed PRINT_EVENT calling g4random
- Using new (geant4-standard) MixMaxRng- this also show more accurate seeds status
- New EVENT_VERBOSITY flag for dedicated event verbosity
- Added nan checks for LUND files numbers
- Added nan checks for values to field getters
- Added microwell digitization
- Added lH2 target variation
- Thresholds for CND using values, sigmas from CCDB /calibration/cnd/Thresholds
- Thresholds for CTOF, FTOF using values from CCDB /calibration/c[f]tof/threshold
- Efficiency for CTOF, FTOF using values from CCDB /calibration/c[f]tof/efficiency
- Added gcards in 5.1/config with added suffix _txtField to use the text fields instead of the binary field maps
- Removed evio support for clas12tags. gemc main still supports evio 
- added flux bank to hipo output

- RASTER_VERTEX:
	- Added raster option RASTER_VERTEX:
	  Randomizes the x, y generated partice vertexes in an ellipse defined by the x, y radii, around their values.
          If the third argument "reset" is given, the vertexes are centered at zero
```
           - example 1: -RASTER_VERTEX="2*cm, 3*cm"

             This randomizes the vertexes around the original LUND values.

           - example 2: -RASTER_VERTEX="2*cm, 3*cm, reset"

             This randomizes the vertexes around zero.
```

- BEAM_SPOT:

	- Randomizes the x, y generated particle vertex shifts in an ellipse defined by the x, y radii and sigmas. An additional parameters defines the ellipse counterclockwise rotation along the z-axis.

By default, the shift is relative to the original LUND vertex values.
If a sixth argument “reset” is given, the vertexes are relative to (VX, VY) = (0, 0)

```
          - example 1 (preserves LUND original vertices): -BEAM_SPOT="2*cm, 3*cm, 0.2*cm, 0.1*cm, 22*deg"
             
             This randomizes the vertexes around the original LUND values, but shifted by (VX, VY) = (2, 3) cm.
             A gaussian with sigmas (SX, SY) = (0.2, 0.1) cm are used, and the ellipse is rotated 22 degrees around z.


           - example 2: -BEAM_SPOT="2*cm, 3*cm, 0.2*cm, 0.1*cm, 22*deg, reset"
             
             Same as above except the randomization is directly applied around (VX, VY) = (2, 3)cm.
```

- RANDOMIZE_LUND_VZ:

	- Added option RANDOMIZE_LUND_VZ:
	  Randomizes the z vertexes using, in order: Z shift, DZ sigma.
	  By default the randomization is relative to the LUND vertex values.
	  If the third argument "reset" is given, the vertexes are relative to VZ=0.

```
           - example 1 (preserves LUND original vertices):  -RANDOMIZE_LUND_VZ="-3*cm, 2.5*cm"
             
             Randomizes the z vertex by plus-minus 2.5cm around the original LUND values, and applies a shift it of -3cm

           - example 2:  -RANDOMIZE_LUND_VZ="-3*cm, 2.5*cm, reset "
             
             Randomizes the z vertex by plus-minus 2.5cm around VZ = -3cm
```

- added DETECTOR_INEFFICIENCY and APPLY_THRESHOLDS options



   

---

### - from clas12Tags 5.0:

- Hipo4 output
- Added star "\*" to INTEGRATEDRAW option: -INTEGRATEDRAW="\*" will activate the true info for all sensitive detectors
- pcal and ec hitprocesses merged into one: ecal
- cnd direct and indirect hits are now two separate hit entries and use the standard hipo identifiers sector layer component 
- BAND downstream/ upstream  hits are now two separate hit entries and use the standard hipo identifiers sector layer component


---


<br/>
