# clas12_tags 5.1 compatible with COATJAVA 6.5.6.1 and above. Deprecated.


4/14/23: This is a patched version that removed the switch_antialiasing OpenGL function to make it compatible with apple arm chips.

- Binary Field Map Using cMag
- Added config bank GECM::config 
- Added 45 (deuteron, pdg=1000010020), 46 (triton, pdg=1000010030), 47 (alpha, pdg=1000020040), 49 (He3, pdg=1000020030)
- Added raster bank RASTER::adc 
	- given vx, vy of the first particle: 
	- component = 1=vx 2=vy
	- ped = (vx- p0) / p1, where p0, p1 from  /calibration/raster/adc_to_position
- Removed some problematic LTCC volumes from cad imports (side frame and some nose volumes). This will be revised and added later
- Fixed PRINT_EVENT calling g4random
- Using new (geant4-standard) MixMaxRng- this also show more accurate seeds status
- New EVENT_VERBOSITY flag for dedicated event verbosity
- Added nan checks for LUND files numbers
- Added nan checks for values to field getters
- Added microwell digitization
- Added lH2 target variation
- Thresholds for CND using values, sigmas from CCDB /calibration/cnd/Thresholds
- Thresholds for CTOF, FTOF using values from CCDB /calibration/c[f]tof/threshold
- Efficiency for CTOF, FTOF using values from CCDB /calibration/c[f]tof/efficiency
- Added gcards in 5.1/config with added suffix _txtField to use the text fields instead of the binary field maps
- Removed evio support for clas12tags. gemc main still supports evio 
- added flux bank to hipo output

- RASTER_VERTEX:
	- Added raster option RASTER_VERTEX:
	  Randomizes the x, y generated partice vertexes in an ellipse defined by the x, y radii, around their values.
          If the third argument "reset" is given, the vertexes are centered at zero
```
           - example 1: -RASTER_VERTEX="2*cm, 3*cm"

             This randomizes the vertexes around the original LUND values.

           - example 2: -RASTER_VERTEX="2*cm, 3*cm, reset"

             This randomizes the vertexes around zero.
```

- BEAM_SPOT:

	- Randomizes the x, y generated particle vertex shifts in an ellipse defined by the x, y radii and sigmas. An additional parameters defines the ellipse counterclockwise rotation along the z-axis.

By default, the shift is relative to the original LUND vertex values.
If a sixth argument “reset” is given, the vertexes are relative to (VX, VY) = (0, 0)

```
          - example 1 (preserves LUND original vertices): -BEAM_SPOT="2*cm, 3*cm, 0.2*cm, 0.1*cm, 22*deg"
             
             This randomizes the vertexes around the original LUND values, but shifted by (VX, VY) = (2, 3) cm.
             A gaussian with sigmas (SX, SY) = (0.2, 0.1) cm are used, and the ellipse is rotated 22 degrees around z.


           - example 2: -BEAM_SPOT="2*cm, 3*cm, 0.2*cm, 0.1*cm, 22*deg, reset"
             
             Same as above except the randomization is directly applied around (VX, VY) = (2, 3)cm.
```

- RANDOMIZE_LUND_VZ:

	- Added option RANDOMIZE_LUND_VZ:
	  Randomizes the z vertexes using, in order: Z shift, DZ sigma.
	  By default the randomization is relative to the LUND vertex values.
	  If the third argument "reset" is given, the vertexes are relative to VZ=0.

```
           - example 1 (preserves LUND original vertices):  -RANDOMIZE_LUND_VZ="-3*cm, 2.5*cm"
             
             Randomizes the z vertex by plus-minus 2.5cm around the original LUND values, and applies a shift it of -3cm

           - example 2:  -RANDOMIZE_LUND_VZ="-3*cm, 2.5*cm, reset "
             
             Randomizes the z vertex by plus-minus 2.5cm around VZ = -3cm
```

- added DETECTOR_INEFFICIENCY and APPLY_THRESHOLDS options


<br>


<br>
   